stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
worked for two weeks .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ).
the fm radio is cool .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
my story is based on personal usage .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .
great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like .
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
but the earbuds suck !
so how can i do that ... are n't that free for two after the rebates .
oh well ..
again , you can change this , but it 's harder to spot a minor variation in the title when you do n't have the title of the other disk in front of you .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
bought the apex ad-2600 from amazon in 12/03 mainly on price , $ 49.99 - $ 10 rebate = $ 39.99 .
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
to summarize , i am using the creative zen as a mobile device ;
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
you should too .
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
not many .
my sister has this series of phone and she loves the radio and headset .
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
that 's important because i have a lot of music .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !
now where did i put that manual ?
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
sheesh ! !
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one :
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
gee ... thanks a lot creative .
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ).
buy it for fun , for lack of processing , because you want to use iphoto , or whatever .
the case had ad2600 .
i like the default blue .
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
the battery life is amazing .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
charged my battery .
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .
this is by no means unique to this model , i 'm sure .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
( my orignal review is below : )
a disipointed customer .
i love photography .
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture .
if i knew then what i know now i would have paid the extra to get an ipod & avoided the zen .
that 's all for now .
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates .
this would have been much easier .
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while .
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck .
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .
lastly , the price is fantastic :
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
a lot of research went into digital camera 's before i made this purchase , and hands down , the g3 had everything i needed plus more .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ).
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
you can get weather , movies , horoscopes and more with a few clicks .
small size .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
here 's something you have to know before you considering about buying this one .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can 't say much about the motorolla .
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
it focuses in a snap .
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor; not major ones though ,
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
i love this camera .
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
my choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using mediasource .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go .. .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
this is not a player you can take jogging .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
forget about it .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo .. .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
cheaper in every way .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
night mode is clear as day .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos .
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
so why lie about it ?
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
- included creative software is pretty poor .
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box .
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
added 2-24 .
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
the sound quality is very good .
you can read the other reviews for specs and performance opinions .
i do n't think i was asking too much .
it has never worked .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
this is pretty cool .
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
i think the sound quality of this phone is slightly better than my samsung phone , the motorolla t720 series , and the sony ericsson t610 series .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs.
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can .
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .
the door would not close .
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
but this camera is great !
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. .
warning - i did read the manual !
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
works great !
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
3 ) user replaceable battery
lot 's of other features that i need to find out about .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
another stupid move .
( i would have appreciated having a firewire plug , however )
- large easy readable screen
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it !
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire .
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it 's there & installs the drivers .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ).
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
i bought this phone when it first came out in the summer .
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
i love the quality of the pictures .
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that .
well i decided to get this one .
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
* sigh .
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution .
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer .
if you are planning to buy that player , do not !
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
the store clerk concluded that the blurriness may be caused by shaking the camera slightly when i press the button , which is understandable since this camera is lighter than the other two models .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
that meant even less light and just as much action .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 .
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .
strike 1 .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .
that takes up half the space of mp3 's .
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
i purchased a jukebox 3 from creative almost a year ago .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
i have no buyers remorse with this baby , and i never will .
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive .
the ipod 's white plastic look / surface does n't suit me .
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
my girlfriend is paranoid when i am not around her and i just take a pic and send it to her on the spot so she can regain her sanity .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies .
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
how does it sound ?
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
you can always spend more money to get a better one .
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
there was neither picture nor sound .
( i guess only time will tell ? )
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ).
spend the extra 20 $ and buy a name brand dvd player .
now , i suddenly have no picture .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .
they fall in love with the product .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
value : comparing data storage with price .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
- some features in the user interface
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
what task do they perform ?
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance !
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
it 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
i got an rma from creative , sent my player in to them for repairs .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .
so far not going to get a good review .
card reader is included .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
so what 's the problem ?
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
that way i could keep it in the case all the time .
i can only hear the sound .
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player .
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it .
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
does n't always register push-button movement .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
zens rule .
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files .
no issues as of yet
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
so far the software for the pc works easily .
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
furher it contains a card reader , a flash card folder for up to 8 cards , a lense cleaning rag , and an ac adapter , which is very helpful when working in an " outlet environment " .
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
yes , the features are numerous .
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome .
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic .
for those of you using a mac in os x+ there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
with the t-mobile unlimited t-zones for $ 10 , i can check any number of email addresses and use unlimited internet .
do not recommend .
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
it 's a very intuitive program .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
here 's why :
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler .
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
i will never buy another apex digital product !
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
picture this :
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player .
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
i have used this phone for two months now .
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good .
had no problem with it .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
you can also set a background wallpaper .
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad .
thats it .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .
2 ) storage capacity
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .
cons summary :
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .
by the way , it looks nice also .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
thankfully amazon has free return shipping !
as mentioned above i broke the player within the 1st 10 days .
get one now !
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .
i do n't use a bracket , i just hold it above my head and aim the flash with my left hand .
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way .
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
using the gprs option you can pay 19.99 extra a month and have unlimited internet access added to you account .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
- bright , visible screen
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
" check out " !
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
however for me , i occasionally use the view finder and trying to frame in a picture with the lens blocking the view is too much .
the image quality is excellent .
that said , they are pretty sturdy machines and i would n't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory .
* removable battery
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc.
the t610 has the most functionality hands down .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
the plus points are -
i bought this last week through amazon .
now let 's talk about the software .
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
excellent range of metering options as well .
flash card memory vs. hard drive ( i.e. why does a 256 mb player cost $$$...and a 40 gb ( 40,000 mb ) player only cost
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
construction quality is a difficult item .
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
boy was i wrong .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
it does have a digital zoom on top of the optical zoom , but you sacrifice quality .
i think that it is a were good mobile phone and i may buy it .
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
i showed her how to turn it on , where the lens zoom lever is , and she loves it !
the prints are beautiful !
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
you have to buy better ones .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
30gb is more than enough for most people .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
i applied a $ 25 amazon gift voucher i got for christmas so i only ended up paying $ 29 for this machine .
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
creative provided e-mail support ;
to me this alludes to the manufacturer 's confidence that the product will last for a year .
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks .
they look fantastic .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
this phone is a winner ...
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
if your view in life is that you are going to pay $ x00 to get a device then it must be near ideal - ruggedly constructed , fault proof , good product support , easy to use software - then do yourself a favor and do n't buy yet .
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
i was a little disappointed in the low end .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
did i mention i 've already dropped it once ?
i have tried the belkin tunecast mobile fm transmitter but found there was too much interference .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
( good going , amazon ).
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) .
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
great features . .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
it is a beast .
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
fm receiver - it has none .
anyway , on with the review .
the price / performance looked just right .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
buy the re-seller 's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
i was prepared to love it .
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
the cd just has too many problems with win xp .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
we 'll see if i need them to .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
do not buy this product or any apex product unless you are looking to be frustrated and lose money !
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
no go on most formats .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
sold in other parts of the world :
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
after using it for a few weeks ( the amount of time before the hard drive crashed ) it revealed a few of its shortcommings .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) .
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
i got 45 outdoor and 15 indoor shots with the monitor on turning the camera off and on over a 4 hour period before the battery died .
i am new to the whole digital camera thing ; well , new to the whole camera thing period , really .
whatever you do , do n't buy this product .
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged .
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
i love the storage in this thing .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
2 . most mp3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
and i finally settled on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly .
first let me give you the bad things :
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
i find a great amount of value in this option for any and all the people that travel buy car and do not have access to the t-mobile " hot-spots " .
so if you have xp , be prepared for this and do n't be alarmed .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine !
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
good points :
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough .
this is my second digital camera , though i also use one at work and have some experience with several nikon and canon models .
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
although you may think you 're dealing with amazon , you 're dealing with some second rate store that you 've never heard of .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can 't image that the hardware is of very good quality .
i went to an at &#38; t store before i bought this phone to see if it was possible to get corporate email with any of their services and they looked at me like i had three heads .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
oh my goodness --
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
overall i think that you need to consider what you wan't to do .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
have had problems since the first day
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
the light auto-correction is awesome .
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
but who wants the wires involved .
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
i would much more have preferred a keypad-type navigator like found on dvd remotes .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
no matter the format .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
a great buy .
if you want to listen to tunes while you travel , i 'd get a hard drive because you can put so much on the thing - including audio books .
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one .
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
the zen has a detachable face plate that allows the battery to be replaced .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
they said it is in stock , but they are " too busy " .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
i wish i could give negative stars !
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
i definately recommend a large memory card .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
apex sucks !
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend .
when the player was working it was great ,but .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
after investigating a multitude of player options , i asked for and received the 60 gb zen xtra for christmas .
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers i have .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
but i did n't because i 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
great quality picture and features .
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !
pros summary :
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
i am still trying to resolve it four months later .
i bought this player during a christmas sale at an excellent price .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed my mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i do n't have the patience for those sorta things .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
24 hours ?
if you 're like me , that will definitely make you pause .
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
i would recommend buying one .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
there should have been a recall on this product .
you can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player .
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he could n't .
i purchased one of these to replace an ailing dvd player that 's a few years old .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
for the money , get a better quality player .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
it 's not a big deal for me .
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
most people probably wanted the ipod before realizing that a vast array of full-featured viable alternatives exist .
buy this camera and savour it .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
some of the more geeky ( non-apple type ) reviewers complain that the scrollwheel is annoying after a while and they resent being forced into this apple-like interface .
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
i have not yet figured out how to make it snap quick pictures for action shots .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
i can 't fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
what a mistake !
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution .
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans.
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
that was annoying .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
you get what you pay for .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
the other controls are all very easy to use .
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them .
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten my phone ...
i can 't speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
i tried to take a cd and simply rip it onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player .
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
but i would expect that , since my movie discs have all played with no problem , the extras discs would , too , without any additional tweaking .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task .
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .
it 's easy .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
for the price and features it is really good .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
however , if anyone has participated in violent or extreme sports while using their zen , please share your experiences .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
this thing does its job .
really quiet .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
that 's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet .
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
typically people use 96kbs to 320 kps.
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
as said before this works perfectly .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
creative labs customer support website is useless .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ).
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
that 's been my experience .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
everything else about the camera is great .
it was not easy sharing one with my teen age kid .
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
i can 't connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
this thing plays everything i feed it .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
so what 's the point ?
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
carry your entire collection !
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
got way too many blurry pictures .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
take my words and give it a try .
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control .
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos .
installed software .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
great camera , great investment !
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
sure enough there is no such ability .
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
this thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
when i bought it late last year , there were enough reviews that i knew the navigation wheel and software would be less than ideal , but it sounded like a fair tradeoff .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
it worked .
it suppose to play everything .
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
hope this review has helped you in making up your mind .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
you do take your chances with this phone .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
i was so excited about the price and reviews of this dvd player .
this is the 4 apex player that i have bought .
way less expensive than the ipod .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
it also has unproven battery life .
at this time , i decided to turn the player on , and much to my surprise it comes with quite the little library of classical music , one of which is a childhood favorite , bach 's air .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " !
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes .
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
size and style :
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox .. .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
want the laundry list of reasons why ?
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28mm filters are expensive and hard to find .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
the upgrade went smoothly and was easy to do if you can follow directions .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
apex does n't answer the phone .
get better headphones .
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? )
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
it is a very amazing product .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
bought one for $ 49.99 .
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
proven canon built quality and lens .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
one broke , one got stolen , and then i bought the riovolt sp - 350 .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
they are not wowable good .
in all a winning combination .
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
it did lock up on me a couple of times .
i did n't even try the included software .
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
8 battery life is excellent .
i can 't comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
no complaints there .
the pros :
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it .
color screen is good .
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
but that 's a moot point now .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ).
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form .
i currently have ~ 1100 songs encoded mostly at 196 kpbs and i have n't even used 10gb of storage yet .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera .
i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
that beside you are prob. very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
5 hours max. i did it like this
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
your child is going to do a cannonball off the diving board , so you compose the shot and wait for your moment .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it would n't cause problems and , in fact , it has n't .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
word ... peace in the east bruvah .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .
that would be a nice compromise between jpeg and raw .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
forget the fact that it 'll probably take me a year to figure out all the features this camera has to offer .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
it defaulted to unchangeable email .
i purchased it at a retail store , and got an extended warranty .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
it 's horrible .
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
though the instruction booklet says that the camera should display " lens " when the cap and the camera are both on , the camera lens extends out and simply takes the lens cap off by itself .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
awesome feature .
2 ) scroll button / switch
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can 't be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
my pda becames a digital album .
it is easy to " focus " in on the drawbacks , so do n't think i hate this camera .
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
the distortion is not a flaw .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
sent mine back .
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com !
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary .
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players .
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .
the g3 looks like a work of art !
the volume .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
it 's almost like having a media player / file manager built into the dvd player .
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp had n't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers .
it takes great pictures .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
i 've had no problems with the software .
no instructions .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
some of the great gains over g2 --
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
door broke after a month .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
the headphone jack acts as a pseudo line out jack .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player .. .
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
before anyone says hey you have n't used the product , i have , my friend received one for christmas instead of an ipod and has since envied me for my vastly superior product .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
personally , i do n't understand all the complaints about the interface .. .
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! !
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
before they are sold out !
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit .
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
the storage capacity is great .
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever .
the phones are awesome .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
1 ) price / gb of storage
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside .
i followed their advice but that failed , too .
this is not the same thing as a film camera .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . "
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome .
aight den bumpy ?
a somewhat more troublesome problem is that the internet site will sometimes give different discs of the same set slightly different names .
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
- uploading music is quick and easy .
great features .. .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
now i know better .
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
it has many great features and very few bad ones .
no big deal for the size . .
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
the interface used could be better designed .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
this explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players .
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
i would recommend replacing the existing software with the " notmad explorer , " which is simpler to use and can be found on the internet .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
crappy headphones .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
this did not give me enough control .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
lastly , you cannot manage anything on the ipod itself .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
the sony ericsson phone ( t610 ) has the most whistles and bells , but is also the hardest to use .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
ok , im writing yet another review , about a week from my previous one .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ).
i have a dvd burner .
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year .
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search .
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist
those that have it like it .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
if i wasnt a runner i would take a bullet in the foot for my nomad jukebox .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
the service deafults to showing the information associated with your billing zip code , but you can change the default and seach other areas while on the go .
also the ipod has games on it .
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can 't get through to their number , it 's always busy .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
i bought this product from amazon .
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them .
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
its really cool .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
the speakerphone :
this thing seriously is a good player though .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
overall , a good buy for the price .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
i took the camera and just gave it to someone .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
they piggy-back on cingular 's service .
the pros and cons of it :
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
this is nothing new , every mp3 player , memory card , etc. , used for digital media today has some kind of preloaded operating software on it .
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school !
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
able to use service in another country :
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
so , if you read the instructions well , you should n't have any problems with this dvd unit .
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
this seemed like a really good compromise .
many before me have done that already .
battery life :
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it .
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
look / design :
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
i do n't care how it looks and i always drive so the size is not important to me .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
this is ridiculous .
once again , the sound is awesome , the batter life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life .
spend the money its well worth it .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
now i can always be in contact .
in addition , you can create play lists where you can create the equivalent to a compilation cd right on your player .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
just make sure the keys are locked .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
its great .
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
well in the beginning i was asking around for mp3 players .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
thank you !
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
i doubt anyone has ever seen an add or commercial for any other mp3 player .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one !
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 .. .
this was quickly and easily fixed by going to the creative web site and downloaded then installed the updated driver .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
do not buy this player .
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
for me , that was the only drawback .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ).
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .
i bought the 30gb zen xtra from a well-known national electronics store as soon as i saw they were advertising it for $ 219.99 .
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
i was able to improve things a bit by using the units equalizer and boosting the base .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
but you do n't have to be .
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
the remote is a little hard to understand .
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
awful , awful , awful .
the powershot g3 is a great camera .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
those who have had the nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
advertising pays off i guess .. .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
you can 't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it .
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
if you 're seeking that elusive state of photographic euphoria that is free of buyer 's remorse and filled with cool , then travel to the world of the coolpix 4300 !
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
i cannot recommend it enough ! !
the reason it does not get 5 stars
but the major problem i had was with the software .
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
reason for two ?
my one recommendation to creative is to get some marketing people to work on the names of these things .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
the battery is nice .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
now my dissapointments .
the radio feature has superb sound quality .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
( batteries last longer too ! )
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ).
absolutely breathtaking .
the software failed repeatedly .
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .
. lens cap is a really annoying
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today .
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
i will never buy a creative product again .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement .
if this is your fist dvd player .
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
i like the speakphone function a lot .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
i then played it through my ps2 and there was no problem there either .
if it does , ill give up .
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
i cancelled the order .
there was very little light in there .
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take .
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
highly recommended .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
i have a large collection of cds and have loaded over 100 of them so far .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
fair warning - do not buy .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
fiance did n't like the feel .
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
the quality is superb .
- price : see above .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
after messing with it at a store i noticed how bad the i-pod was .
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw. and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey ..... never mind .
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
third party software to the rescue
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
anyways , canon has improved upon the g2 with this g3 .
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
i repeat - do n't wast your money .
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
bait and switch .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
yes , i recommend it over the competition .
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
software - the software is crap .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
back to the 2600 :
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
originally i wanted the ipod .
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps.
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this .
what is up .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
poor visibility on the keys .
anybody can explain that ?
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .
great price .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
it worked good for a while .
sound quality :
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .
the battery life on this phone is surreal .
i received this as a gift .
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
* software is absolutely terrible :
when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
go get it .
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
i finally decided to upgrade , and started my research .
i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment !
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
minor gripe .
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well .
this camera has a major design flaw .
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
i bought my nikon coolpix4300 about a week ago .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one .
the title says it all ...
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other .
( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com, http://www.nomadness.net
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
player controls :
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
the downside -
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
i didnt wait to experiment .
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .uncomfortable -1
very cheaply made .
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ).
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
needless to say , the canon won , hands down .
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years .
their customer service is very poor .
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
now i may buy two !
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
by what time standards -- martian ?
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
one major complaint :
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
overall an excellent phone .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
that was n't pretty .
otherwise , this player is awesome !
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it 's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties .
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .
amazon is awaesome !
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
hopefully you wo n't regret .
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
this is not a handbag camera .
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
song transfers were not an issue .
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
after finally stumbling upon this zen nx player , i knew i had found what i was looking for .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
very simple to use .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
a sliding old fashioned volume knob would also have been easier than the digital version that was included .
it is made of plastic .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
it would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
so i do n't know what the previous review that could n't do more than 30 songs is talking about .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
this player is an ideal purchase .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
that 's probably a bad thing .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
the pictures are amazing .
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
so buy the g3 .
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. .
size and weight :
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can 't , i 'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
i would recommend doing the upgrade to be sure you have the best chance at trouble free operation .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .
you need the software to actually transfer files
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day .
no more annoying series of beeps .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
moreover , they want a total of $ 107 to repair it .
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod .
i will just say this :
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
i can 't simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
features that would have been nice :
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial . its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
a. the cddb downloads information for the cd that you insert such that you do not have to type in the track information such as album , artist , song title , etc.
the storage capacity is great for me --
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00. but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
now what about the flash problem ?
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers .
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
( but as any hard drive , all of them freeze at certain points )
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera ..
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
great screen and great sound .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
i 'll state up front that i do not own a zen xtra and have not used one at all .
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
the dvd player does not work properly .
this is a wonderful camera .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc .
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
my opinions :
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
a great new use for that underutilized computer .
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
my favorite is to play " any track " - am rediscovering my music !
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
no one told me , but i wanted to tell you .
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .
signal strength will affect the battery life .
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers .
now getting back to this .
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
i ordered 2 .
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
the camera was a marvel .
will never purchase apex again .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
it 's no problem for me personally .
so what ?
the warranty is 90 days .
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
- well-backlit keypad
audio is excellent .
it ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
although they accepted that they will ship on mon - 6 jan , they still did n't ship it .
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile !
i can do that myself .
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. .
highly recommended !
overall i like the unit .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
i had no problems following their installation instructions .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .
picture scrolling in b/w :
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc.
i first bought a 6 gig nomad jukebox ( original ).
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
again , the ipod is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional .
i will say this .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc.
it lasted about 1 1/2 weeks .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
i replaced it with this not-quite-so-dazzling , but definitely more functional device .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer .. . read the manual ).
it has 2 games .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems .
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan .. .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
wo n't play a lot of discs .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
i love my new nomad , its great !
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
that 's the first thing to understand .
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
it was not my first choice .
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember :
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware that simply would n't perform .
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
upon inspection i did find a small scratch on the surface and figured that to be the cause .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
now we come to the zen xtra .. .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
it 's a winner .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
do n't buy this thing .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 gb of memory .
this junky is super duper rad. it be my fav c-phone and stuff .
the player : it 's silver .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact .
it is small .
and then you will start to belive them .
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc.
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up .
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
so consider what you 're going to use the device for .
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
battery life is ok .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think it makes a difference ) .
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone .
so , without further adoo .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
no way to contact their customer service .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
plays them all .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
* main dial is not backlit .
- excellent sound quality
this is possible ! !
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
the vibration is not top .
just be aware of it .
usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. .
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again .
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make .
a great deal in general !
what a disappointment !
i purchased and returned this product , but not because of any glaring flaws in the design .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person !
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !
feels solid in hand .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod .
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
it 's because the 256 player uses flash memory ( smaller / lighter ) and the 30gb uses a hard drive .
make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
the software is great .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
it is not perfect though .
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
small problem .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
i am returning the broken one today .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
if you want to be a poser and follow the herd , mooooooh , then buy the i-pod .
a card with more memory is a must .
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
personally i found the integrated digital camera of the t610 to be very nice .
i have my mp3 's stored on my workstation .
i can 't believe people continue to pay those prices .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
worth every penny !
i can 't imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
what a big improvement ... lol ) and the fact that lots of people have had problems with ipods on windows computers , i realized this is a much better buy .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
you know why ?
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .
really happy with this little camera .
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
of course you do !
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
they have n't got all the bugs worked out just yet .
only if we could get one camera in it . .
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
wow .. .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it .
it 's worth it .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .
so far i 've only had it since christmas , so i cant tell you much about the battery life .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
i am quite happy with the camera .
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .
i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now .
if you buy a creative mp3 player , be sure to get the optional extended warranty .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
the moveable lcd screen is great .
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
it looks great - and is loaded with features .
my first impression was positive .
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz. and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
this almost made it worth the price alone .
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck .
for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
overall , a very disappointing product .
loved the slim design .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
i highly recommend the accessory kit , which provides you with everything else you need :
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
finally , i uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
it wo n't play all of my movies .
nokia will not cover phones bought from amazon .
very large pics take 8mb each !
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
great feature list , poor reliability .
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
songs are recognized automatically by id3 tags , which at first i was against since i had organized my files by folder with a previous player from iriver .
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen .
definetely a great camera .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc.
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
but they offer only a 3-month warranty ( on all of their players , including the zen xtra ) .
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
i 've yet to be dissappointed .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
what a disappointment .
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it .
pro : 1 .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
none of these are perfect .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
nokia 6610 ( sound quality ) the phone is great with very cool features &#38; options , but comparing to my older motorola phone , it gets a failing grade in speaker quality .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
it is crystal clear .
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
- you just have to buy a new player .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
radio is awsome , but it does n't work unless you have the earpiece in .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
everyone who says i can 't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
honestly , i love this player .
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
it has a nice color screen .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity .
we got a familyplan from t-mobile which saves us tons .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
no picture :
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .
come on, at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can 't comment on any problems there .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but could n't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for me .
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ).
so it was no loss .
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .
yup , right back for a refund !
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .
other than that this thing is great ...
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .
hehe , my bad .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) .. .
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
simple to use and hook up .
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .
still no response .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
the radio :
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
overall it is the best camera on the market .
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music .
overall i like it .
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
its quiet .
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .
i find this to be a great feature .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased .
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
if you have a question , they have the answer .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
synchronizing music among computers , if you have more than one , seems to be an issue ; research this before buying if you have multiple computers you want to be synchronized .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
after that it seems like you 're on your own .
interface - practically seamless .
yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software !
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
i 've been using it for about 3 months now .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
plugged it in .
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more !
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .
good quality video .
great job canon !
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ).
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
takes excellent photos .
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
the g2 was better in this respect .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
bottom line , if you 're attracted to this phone because of its tri-band feature so you can take it abroad , forget it .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
seriously ! i love it !
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
very easy to use .
the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties .
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
ok so i donno about what other people said , how the player breaks and stuff , and the headfone jack , fortunately that did not happen to me .
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
very bad quality .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
i 'm not sure why people have problems with either the interface of the nomad , or the software that comes with the unit .
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
i 'll just say this .. .
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
subsequent behavior even worse .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) .
but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
well , not with this one .
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
i make photographs at work , and so wanted a camera good enough to compare with what i use professionally .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
this is extemely lame .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
hope i 've been of some help .
the batteries would not charge .
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
because this camera is beautiful .
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
i purchased this player last week .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .
the pro ...
was it a full moon that night ?
you have to add them to the playing list .
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
hopefully you still have the remote control .
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
is my unit defective ?
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
however , it serves its purpose .
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
it sure does !
very happy !
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
downloads are a snap and quick .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
is it a coincidence that i no longer can get any of your nomad zen xtras ( worst name ever ) at best buy and now the 60gb nomad xtra is " sold out " or more likely " discontinued " at the almighty amazon.com ?
i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name .
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
truly , i am quite impressed . . ! !
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
and no t-zones .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
the vibrate setting is loud !
learning how to use it will not take very long .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying .
+ screen was good , easy to read
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
i thought it would be haggard but when i be gotted this junky i was mad happy and stuff .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
i guess you get what you pay for .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
it says i have a harddisk problem .
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
on my main computer the software did not work right .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player .
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
i guess you get what you pay for .
try to buy a tripod and that should solve some of those problems .
the nikon 's are great cameras .
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
the sound from the player is ok .
yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
3 . it 's a hazard in the car .
ipod has no stop button ; when new users mention this ipod veterans call it " unnecessary " and " so 20th century " .
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
- solid , high-quality construction
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
you see , i can 't rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ).
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining .
apple 's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years its market share will drop significantly .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
1 . i do n't need the nomad at the office .
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it 's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
7 picture quality is excellent .
thumbs down on that one .
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can 't be used .
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
usb 2.0 - very fast
that was a mistake .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
- the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
