The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
Our food was great too!
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
But for the Shabu Shabu, you won't find much better in NY.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
This place is Italian, not French.
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
Not one to jump to complaints (hence my lack of previous online reviewing), I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations.
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
Just wish they'd expand.
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
I absolutely suggest this place.
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...
Great place, great value.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
The service was great as well.
Food was OK - fish was cooked well.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
Try green curry with vegetables.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now, its official !
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
Old school meets New world.
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat.
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!
I am Indian, and I have tried many Indian places in NY.
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
What a great place.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
Decent wine selection too.
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
I was wrong.
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
However, it's not worth a special trip.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
So rude!!!
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
I love the place.
I have been going back again and again.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
The spicy mussels are a highlight.
This restaurant used to be pretty decent.
If you like Sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try Yokocho.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
Want to impress?
That's why you have to pay more for that.
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?
Don't waste money on decor.
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
Drinks way over priced.
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
I have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
I go here at least once every other week, particularly when it's cold!
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday, we sat in the tent.
The service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Just don't do it.
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
This place is incredibly tiny.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
A con was the slow bar service.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far.
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
Try the tandoori salmon!
The prices are wonderfully low.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
It is simply amazing.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants, but trust me, they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say "I've been to the four seasons restaurant".
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
And cheap!
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
So close, but not good enough.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
Will absolutely visit again.
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
This place survives on reputation alone.
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
The waiter was attentive.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
Buon appetito!
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
For those of you who don't know, Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese, which happens to be my favorite.) 
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
MMmmm... it was delicious.
The family seafood entree was very good.
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
I had a great experience.
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
My fav was the sassy lassi...
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
Not impressed with the food.
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village.
We will be back.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
JUST AWSOME.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
Fantastic place.
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
The ambience is very calm and quiet.
Go inside and you won't want to leave.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
Great Shabu Shabu
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE!
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
Don't waste your time, or money!!
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!
Great neighborhood joint.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
Beautiful experience.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
I haven't been to the other locations.
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
All the food was hot tasty.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
We got most of it back at home with us.
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.
Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
And I've been to many NYC delis.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
Awesome
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
Highly recommended.
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
Yum, the chicken is great here.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
There was no ambiance.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.
They couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
wont come back again for sure!
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
It was such a fantastic dining experience, that I returned again the same week.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order. 
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
Will never be back.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
No plans to return anytime soon.
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
The food was absolutely amazing!!
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it.
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
the food is decent.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
would NOT go back.
Fast service.
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
We were less than impressed.
Both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
And all of that won't break your bank!
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
Still we keep going back :)
I'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.
I don't think I would go again.
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
I haven't been to the other locations.
Beautiful experience.
Definately check it out!!!
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
I absolutely love this place!!!
Great wine, great food.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
They are the best bagels I've had.
Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
Based on a visit a month ago, I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
A classic!
The staff offers impeccable service.
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.
Check it out
My husband and I had a blast.
esp. during happy hour!
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
I just don't understand all the hype...
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
A real dissapointment.
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.
Eat at your own risk.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
.the best I've found outside of the Chinatown masters.
The food was wonderful and imaginative.
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
Fish was overdone.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
The setting is casual and romantic.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
I would go back.
We left after one drink.
The pizza is good though.
The counter service is bad.
Drinks: 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $35 each.
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
Highly recommended.
but I wouldn't wanna live there.
it is not consistent.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
Maybe tomorrow ;-)
Most importantly, it is reasonably priced.
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
Loved it
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
I'd definitely recommend this little place.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
I will be going back very soon.
Plus they made a perfect martini.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
No thanks!!!
Get the tuna of gari.
Definitely something to come down and check out.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
I'm going back.
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
Oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.
This is a real gem of a place.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
People are always friendly.
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
Now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.
For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
I've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby (I live on UWS).
I am going to the mid town location next.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
Amazing food.
Overall, worht every penny.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The pickles were great addition.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
Please if your thinking about it go, and stay the wait you won't be disappointed.
The service was quick and friendly.
Good food.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
It hits the spot every time
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe's.
The service is awful.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
Never fails to please.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
All the staff is absolutely professional!! 
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet- go late and it will be packed!
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
I went here in the afternoon with a friend.
Just stick with the small dishes!
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
The sushi was awful!
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
Very good wine choices.
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
THe perfect spot.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
We had a very nice time.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
Taxan delicious!
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
Fish was overdone.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
What?
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
We weren't!
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
Have to tell you: Not at all impressed.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.
Great value for the quality ingredients.
You can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
Is just the way it was in days gone by.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
It was pretty inexpensive too.
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
The service we experienced was friendly and good.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
Great staff.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
The pizza was great.
Our experience did not ever get any better.
Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
but the food was delicious.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt.
Will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once.
Anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.
I've been several times and am totally smitten.
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
No plans to return anytime soon.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
we love th pink pony.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
Food-awesome.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
Terrible experience.
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
Oh, and there's hookah.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
They are amazing!
it's delicious!
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
Never again!
The wine list is also really nice.
I highly recommend it.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.
Killer Sushi!
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
How do you rate home?
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
Brava La Pizza Fresca!
Definitely Highly NOT recommended.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
It was good, but none of the flavors WOW.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside, its so bland on the inside.
I'm telling you...
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
Give it a try and enjoy.
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month.
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
It was raining, and we figured why not?
Service was also very good.
We'd go back again
The flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.
Great Atmosphere
Food is excellent.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
it helps if you know what to order.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
We called the other person who was very close by, and she told us to order for her, so we did. 
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
It's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
And amazingly cheap.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
My friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
I love this place
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
The place is a lot of fun.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
A hearty two thumbs up!
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
I would highly recommend this place!
Love YUKA.
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
The service is a quite slow, but friendly.
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
Always busy but fast moving.
Also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.
Its not the same if you have to sit inside.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
I have never had anything like it!
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
Katz's deli is a great NY experience.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
Acceptable prices.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
An excellent service
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
I will never visit this restaurant again.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
There are no negatives to speak of.
good variety but nothing surprising.
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
this place is amazingly bad.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
Service is top notch.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.
despite the untasteful previous review...
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
go here for the drinks!
There is nothing more pleasant than that.
keep up the good work.
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
They charge different prices all the time.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.
Service is average.
Also they were $15 each!
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
A guaranteeed delight!
Dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
What more could you want?
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
We will be back.
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
Decor leaves something to be desired.
Perhaps the last reviewer (who stated she was treated with attitude) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
But the pizza is way to expensive.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
great taste
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
And the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
But the service is HORRID!
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
Food is great.
This is a true gem of the village.
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place!
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
The meat dishes were only so-so.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
Also very inexpensive.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
Really though, where's the seasoning?
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight.
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
Love it.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
It's traditional, simple italian food.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
Terrible would be a compliment!
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
The decor is what initially got me in the door.
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
The food was spicy and delicious.
Their sake martini is wonderful.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
I was there on sat.
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.
Fresh veggies, all sorts of middle eastern spreads, cheese and falafel, soup, fish, rice, root vegetables, a rice medley, some spinach thing, lamb kebabs, cheese baclava... soooo much fooood, and all of it delicious.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
The wine list is excellent.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
It's a small cute restaurant.
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
One of the BEST
Everyone must come here at least once.
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
I for one will never patronize them again.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn?
But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
This restaurant is such a great place.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
I would go back tho.
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Try the lasagnette appetizer.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
But $1 for each small piece???
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
Have the iced tea.
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
I tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
What's the difference between the two?
It's a steal!
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
I pray it stays open forever.
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by. 
This place is a must visit!
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
I look forward to eating here again
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
A one women show!
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL(OR BAD SERVICE )@ PIGALLE.
the food is delicious and highly recommended.
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
Not worth the prices.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
They have some great entrees here as well.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
$170 down the toilet...
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING?
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
Went there for an office lunch.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
It is terrific, as is the value.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC, it's wonderful, and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights.
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
For desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
Definitely will be back!
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
Don't waste money on decor.
This was a great surprise.
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
Very cozy and warm inside.....
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
go here for the drinks!
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.
Not worth it.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Excellent experience.
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
I highly recommend it.
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
Went to Village last night for my birthday.
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
We will be back.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
Ahhh...
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
We visit at least once a month.
this one is definintely my least favorite.
Great pizza for lunch place.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
Quick and friendly service.
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier, at the same time, it doesn't really matter.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
What more can you ask for?
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
The sushi is amazing!!! 
We loved it and will go back!
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
They charge $6.00 for rice.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
I'd definitely go back again.
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
My friends and I showed up on a Sat.
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho.
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
so i thought why not change it up a bit.
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
I loved it.
Way below average
This place is to be avoided.
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don't have to rush off to a show.
The atmosphere was great.
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.
What a great place!
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
The atmosphere is attractive, but a little uncomfortable.
The location is perfect.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
After we ate our appetizers (which took all of 8 minutes) we ordered another round of Brahma's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member. 
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
A real dissapointment.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
I will be returning.
Prices are in line.
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years.
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
It is thick and slightly soggy.
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
I'll keep this short.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
Would definitely visit again.
I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
We've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
What a ripoff!
Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
I liked the beer selection!
Hats off to the chef.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
i would just ask for no oil next time.
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Its located in greenewich village.
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
Service was also very good.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
I have to say the place was awesome.
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
Although somewhat loud, the noise was minimally intrusive.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
It was wonderful.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.
Planet Thai is great!
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
Come on.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
This place is a great bargain.
Get the tuna of gari.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
Love YUKA.
and you can't beat the prices.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
The food was very well prepared.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
I know because I live nearby.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
The service was attentive.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
The absolute worst service I've ever experienced and the food was below average (when they actually gave people the meals they ordered).
I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
Over price, and small portions .
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
Our friends have not arrived yet.
It was delicious and large!
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
This place is not worth the prices.
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
for Meetball Night.
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again, I will certainly stop by.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
I love this cozy around the way Rest.
I really liked this place.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
Our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
Love Pizza 33..
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
I had a great experience.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
They used shredded cheese on top!
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
My entire family was horrified.
I love this place more and more everytime i go.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
We were pleasantly surprised.
they live up to the thai way of living.
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.
but overall i give it a 10
The waitress was not attentive at all.
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
People are always friendly.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap!
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
It could have been handled better.
Even though it is a little loud, you don't have to yell at each other to talk.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
It's like you are transported to the Italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
But the coconut rice was good.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
We went to Ino for Valentines.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
i would just ask for no oil next time.
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
I go twice a month!
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
Service was very friendly.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
always fresh and delicious.
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
I went with JWILS.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
Stay away
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
The avocado salad is a personal fave.
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
The service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
A pleasant surprise.
The place is a lot of fun.
Quite simply it's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
Keep up the good work guys!
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
I HATE HATE HATE this place.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason.
Food is great and inexpensive.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead, while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
Expensive
Food was average but tasty.
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
Loved It
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
A big disappointment, all around.
I recommend this place to everyone.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
It's popular w/the late crowd.
Not cheap but very yummy.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Overpriced and not tasty 
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
This place was reccomended to me by a friend.
Service is average.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
I'd call it an 'italian dinner'.
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
Food was okay, nothing great.
I heartily recommend.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
THe perfect spot.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
Kudos to Po!
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
I was literally going to explode, but instead, my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
You won't be dissapointed.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
I will be back!
Would not recommend anyone to go.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
Raymond the bartender rocks!
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
An excellent choice in midtown.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
This place is a great stop for great food.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
It can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.
The fries are yummy.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
Aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, Will Smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
The service was outstanding.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
All conveniently delivered right to the door.
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
Zero ambiance to boot.
This place is always packed.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
Good drink.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
menu - uneventful, small.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
you guys rock.
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
Not worth it.
The decor is nice, but more casual than fine dining.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
Dessert: pure disaster.
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
Service is not what you are coming here for...
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
Patsy's Pizza = true love
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
The service was attentive.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Nice view of river and NYC.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
Overall, not worth the money.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
The ceiling is amazing!
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
This is probably one of my new favorite places.
The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
I mentioned the squid dish wasn't very good when the waitress visited.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Was there Friday night.
Amazing!
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
Walk-ins are risky too.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city, but any time that we  visit a restaurant other than Roth's we are always disappointed.
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
I'll keep this short.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
The food however, is what one might expect.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
Delicious, creative and fun.
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
I am French and I really felt like home!!!
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
Having moved I truly miss this place.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone's living room.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
And I've been to many NYC delis.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
The buffet had a nice selection.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
But I'd go back
Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.
However, it was worth the visit.
The wine the service was very good too.
It is LOUD, HOT and DARK.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
Service was quick.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
But they do.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
A nice space, as long as it doesn't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers.
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino, I keep coming back.
It just wasn't Thai.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings!
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
It is also extremely well priced.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
Probably would not go again...
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
Everytime my husband and I go there, we are never disappointed.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
I will definetly be going back.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Good drink.
LOL
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
Everyone is welcomed in as family.
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
Will not be back.
It's just O.K. pizza.
I am a die hard peep lover.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
But trust me it is so worth it.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
I really liked this place.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
The wine list is extensive, well priced and covers alot of regions.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
Went here on a friend's reccomendation.
Went last Thursday.
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
I was glad I did.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
but the service was a bit slow.
They outshine HH.
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
I am going to the mid town location next.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
The music does get a little loud at times, but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife, and as I did, I got a whiff of corriander.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
Do not go to this restaurant.
That's good and bad.
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.
You guys are awesome!
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
The pizza was great.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
Chance is a joke.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
The bread is top notch as well.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
it's good but, like the movie is never as good as the book, this is same analogy.
I started going to dosa hut more after that.
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
The food was so-so.
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
I'm going back.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share.
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.
Enjoy!!!
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
The hostess was very pleasant.
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
While I quite liked the food and the ambience, I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
Ciao Bella
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
Look, the appetizers were really good.
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
A million better places to go in the city.
Unique apppetizers.
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place (he painted the ballato's sign in the window).
Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
The food was actually aweful.
The whole experience was satisfying.
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
The place is a little tight and on a cold day, the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
But too far east!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.
Go hungry and enjoy.
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
No, really.
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
In fact, you can't miss it.
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
Cute and decorative.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
It is simply amazing.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
I will not be coming here at 3am again.
Will not be back.
awesome
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
This was on a Tuesday night.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
More Williamsburg Garbage
Was there Friday night.
I've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (I'm a daring eater but not THAT daring).
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
Great vibe, lots of people.
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
The bagel was huge.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
For $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
What a hassle!
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Yeah, it's that good.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Also very inexpensive.
Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!
Overall a worthwhile experience.
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
The flavors robust and subtle.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
Good, fast service.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish.
Go girls!!!
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
Boy was I wrong!
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
This place doesn't make any sense
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
They were dry, stale and pretty flavorless.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.
Such a disappointment...
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
(2) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal.
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
Great pizza for lunch place.
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
They all know you.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
Overall, not worth the money.
It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
Try the sea bass.
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
Are you freaking kidding me?
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
Really cool stauff inside.
The main draw of this place is the price.
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
Great Indian food
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
Place is open till late, no dress code.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
the turkey burgers are scary!
I lived on 50th st, and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out.
I have been to spice three times- twice during lunch and once at dinner.
And the bill was outragous.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
But they do.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad.
Great food!
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
The prices were fantastic.
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.
Much more reasonably priced too!
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.
The food is good, I can't lie.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
Went to Village last night for my birthday.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni. (
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
Oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
Really.
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
This is the first time Citysearch did't call it right.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.
Creative, consistent, fresh.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
We live nearby BFC. 
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
hmmm.
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
Good food.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
I also recommend the garlic knots.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
Avoid this place!
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
I've waited over one hour for food.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
Also they were $15 each!
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
P.S. Please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes.
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
Try green curry with vegetables.
You'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.
A must try!
This place is classy, chic, the service is warm and hospitable, and the food is outstanding.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
you should travel from the Bronx to try it...
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
We would return to this place again!
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
Poor service and management
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.
What for?
I often go there to eat with my family.
Service was quick.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!
This place is always packed.
Good luck getting a table.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.
The best!
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
I agree.
We always enjoy the pizza.
Great service, great food.
Recommended.
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.
I loved it and will be back soon.
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
If you want to save some money, don't go here.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
Pizza was a little soggy.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.
Has the chef and owner changed???
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
Got a date? Go here!
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
The main entree was also very good.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.
Wonderful at holiday time.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
Too many other good places to have to settle.
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
The sushi was awful!
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
food was luke warm.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
The pastas were pretty good.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
I recomend the chicken milanese.
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.
I've never been disappointed.
We were not disappointed.
(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
What more could you want?
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life.
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
Don't go.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
The bagels are fabulous.
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
Moderate prices.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
So, again, give it a try.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
Always great service!
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
Without the wait or attitude, I would probably go back, but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and don't make me jump through hoops.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
The best burger I have had in the Village.
You are treated just like royality.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!
the food is always fresh ...
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
But, they were too big for the bun.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
The food was very good, but not very thai.
Good, fast service.
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd, but there were a few groups of mid 20's/30 year olds also.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated.
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
Would NEVER go back there.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down
The food is definitely good, but I left a bit disappointed.
The food now is inconsistent.
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
GO HERE.
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
i dont how this place is still running.
The dim sum here is only so-so.
This food is asian-air fusion.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
This place is great.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
Great food, great decor, great service.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
I had my eyes on this place, promising myself I will one day 'give it a try.' 
Dessert was also to die for!
He can't help, they're bought up so fast.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square, which is a shame since I don't love this area.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
All I can say is WOW!
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
Fish is so very fresh.
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
The fried rice is amazing here.
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
Loved it!
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
How is this palce still open?
It was wonderful.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
Love their drink menu.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.
Great food at reasonable prices.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
Be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
I can't stand this dungeon.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
What's the difference between the two?
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
I will NEVER return.
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.
Great survice
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
SO GOOD
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
I loved this place!!
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
How have I never been to Agave before?
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
My friend is 100% right in the experience we had.
We were pleasantly greeted.
For Park avenue I expected so much more.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
The food was authentic.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
The fried calamari was even better!
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink..... this place is not worth it...
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
Fine, I wont hang you for that.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
If you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
The food was just OK, I would never go back.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
Subtle food and service
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
bad staff
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
The food was absolutely horrible!
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
I've always been seated propmtly.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
A big disappointment, all around.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Have the iced tea.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
from an English speaking staff.
Everything about this place was wonderful.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Good Experience
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The food was authentic.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
However, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
You're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
Always popular, always full, always a wait.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.
We were less than impressed.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
They also do a great job for restaurant week.
You can't go wrong here.
If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
The service is pretty good.
DON'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
It's convenient.
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.
And you're hungry a few hours later.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
The food was bland oily.
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
It is so romantic.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
I'll be back soon.
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.
Nice place though.
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
The food is great.
even the wine by the glass was good.
The design is very intimate and romantic.
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
Waiters are slow but sweet.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
Will absolutely visit again.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
not only is the food
Need I say more?
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.
Interior was so so.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
Bison was quite excellent however.
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.
Staff is very accomodating.
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
Then, get ripped on free box wine.
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
Highly recommended to all!
We ordered our appetizers, I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon.
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
At the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night.
We went there, no one greeted us.
One less manhattanite the better.
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers, right off of Pell St (barber's alley) in Chinatown.
Food is excellent.
Service is top notch.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Big and gawky on the outside.
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
Can't wait to go back.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
Keep up the good work guys!
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
The selection of food is excellent (I'm not used to having much choice at restaurants), and the atmosphere is great.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
This is also where I was from.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
the food - not worth the price.
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
it's delicious!
moral stay away.
I've never ordered anything else from their menu...there's no need to.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
For $600 ( the most we have ever paid) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance.
We all ordered different entrees so we could share.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
Starters: Kobe Beef Sashimi.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.
Great people watching as others do the same to you.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
(that is A MUST, but not every restaurant can do...) 
Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.
Try the cheesecake!
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
Authentic Pakistani food.
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche.
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
A must try!
The food is excellent! 
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES).
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
over.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
Taxan delicious!
i had a delicious shrimp creole.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
Unique apppetizers.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
Wonderful at holiday time.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
Pizza here is consistently good.
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
Molto bene!
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
The food is great.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
So eat fast and order a lot.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
really depends on your luck!
For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
And everytime I go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
I love this place!
If you want to dine with large party, I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT.
(or sister, in my case!).
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
The food was boring and expensive.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
What a great place.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
Too cold to enjoy.
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
Murray won't do it.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
it helps if you know what to order.
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square.
Great find!!!
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
have always had a great time here.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
Vanison was good but not amazing.
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
Unhygienic
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
This is where the aforementioned line was.
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
Much more reasonably priced too!
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
Maybe tomorrow ;-)
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
During our trip to NYC, we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu (offering a modified menu for $65 pp).
Hurley's is terrific!
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
Very good service and very good prices.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
What generous portions!
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
Good Food
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
It is sometimes a little cramped, and can get a little warm, but hello, it's NYC!
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.
Loved it!
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Another great place to take out-of-towners!
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
The sushi is also great!
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
I heartily recommend.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
I look forward to eating here again
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
The food was good too.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
The worst though was the taste.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
Based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM.
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
I had roast chicken and a salad.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
In fact, two people could really share one plate.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
Wine list is not huge but def well selected.
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
Delicious crab cakes too.
This place has the best sushi in the city.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
enough said!
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
It was a very nice surprise.
PERFECT FOR DATES!
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
I absolutely Loved this place.
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene.
The service was superb, they treat you like family.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
The service is fantastic.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
Food portion was SMALL and below average.
but still my date was bad
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
Never fails to please.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.
I will go back to Suan soon!
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
The chicken dinner was real good.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
Get there before 7pm.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.
I've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table.
Go for it!
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
As far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
The food however, is what one might expect.
Skip Baroanda down the street (Eurotrashy, snooty and expensive) and check this place out!
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
One of my Fav spots in the city.
Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
The place just isn't ready for prime time.
Two words: Free wine.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
Check this place out!
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
The place does get crowded, so I recommend going between 4-5 PM.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
Would NEVER go back
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
I read about this place in Time Out magazine.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
Food and service was okay.
I was at Rao's last Wed.
The caeser salad was great.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
Kudos Haru
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
highly recommended.
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much.
Good food.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
BUT not in a good way.
I think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark.
Something about them being busy with holiday party's.
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
Would not return for the amount we paid.
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
Once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
This place is so much fun.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
The sake’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
Remind me of home.
I can't wait to go back.
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Big thumbs up!
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
get over it!
and we were thouroughly disapointed.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
The space is traditional in feel.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
Just go and see for yourself.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
The staff is very friendly.
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
But the meals were terrible.
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
Why do people rave about the ambience.
The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe's may not be your favorite.
You must try the garlic soup!
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
Everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
The restaurant is cute but not upscale.
Try the sea bass.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).
The burger was great, also.
The food is amazing!!!!
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.
Recommendations, of course, are required!
Be aware.
Bon appettite!!
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
Sure, the setting is nice.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
I would go back.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
Feels like family when we go there.
Thank You Emilio.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
Faan is sooo good.
Authentic bistro!
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
You'll see a lot of people eating there after church.
I loved this place!!
Hopefully next time, I will save room for dessert.
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
Alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
I highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
I plan on eating here more often.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
Its worth the wait though.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
JUST AWSOME.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Moderate prices.
Ahhh...
If you ware looking for Korean fusion, I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village.
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
Food was OK.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
I don't get it either.
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Quick and friendly service.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Jimmy is Dominican!
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
We all felt it was worth it.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
This place was not ALL THAT!
Run don't walk.
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.
The only drawback is that it's a little pricey.
Skip Nathan's...you can get that at the mall...go to Bark.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped, but it has old school charm.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
The pizza was really good.
The food's as good as ever.
Very "normal Indian food", but done really well.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
very good breads as well.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.
This place is incredibly tiny.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
We were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian.
You can't go wrong with this place.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
The sangria's - watered down.
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
So sorry I can't rate this better.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
Our friends have not arrived yet.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
I was wrong.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
You can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
(1) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
Little Tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in Kennsington, honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had!
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.
Food is great.
Before the place didn't call my attention.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
So close, but not good enough.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
I definitely will go back.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
Highly Highly Highly recommended!
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.
This place has been around for a few years.
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
Check it out.
Salads were fantastic.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Avoid at all costs.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
but the service was a bit slow.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
Her review is above.
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced.
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
So eat fast and order a lot.
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.
The pizza here is delicious.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
And it was quick which is very important.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
Can't wait to go back.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
Decor is charming.
Ciao Bella
Reasonable prices.
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
The food was good.
My friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (aND look like).
The staff is no nonsense.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
This time, I prefer not to go into detail.
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
Nice find.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience!)
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
No apologies during restaurant week.
We were very disappointed.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
Finally!
The food was absolutely amazing!!
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!
I was pleasantly suprised.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Horrible experience - stay away!
It's all about the food !!
Food was decent, but not great.
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
Please save yourself the frustration.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
This place...god where do i begin.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here.
No thanks!!!
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
He always says, I don't have customers.
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
my favorite place lol
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
I went here for a family birthday dinner. 
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
Authentic Pakistani food.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening. 
please don't fool us.
Faan is sooo good.
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
The food was bland oily.
But that is highly forgivable.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos.
Staff is very accomodating.
Although, one night we went it was super cheesy, and another night it was less cheesy.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
The wine list is also really nice.
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
A wonderful place!
Cute and decorative.
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
Leave the kids at home!
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
Would definitely go back again.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
cirspy crust margherita pizza
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.
I live in the West Village and I've been to a lot of restaurants.
Very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
Looking from the outside in, one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall (really, that's what it is).
I think locals rate this place so high.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
the waitstaffs are nice though.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
It was wonderful.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Don't go with a larger group than 4! 
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year.
The food is just OKAY, and it's almost not worth going unless you're getting the pialla, which is the only dish that's really good.
I love the atmorphere @ peep!
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
We'll definitly be back again!
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
The food is good.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
We've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
Save room for the desserts! ;-)
Somewhat pricey but what the heck.
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
Service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.
Tasty Dog!
The location is perfect.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
delicious.
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered, I requested a vegetarian dish.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
None of that yucky whipped stuff.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
And the prices were way to high for what you get.
Highly recommended!
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
Impressed...
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
Plenty of choices to make your own creation.
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
The veal was incredible last night.
Check out the secret back room.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), I mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
I will go back to Suan soon!
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
We will definitely go back.
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
The Management was less than accomodating.
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Pizza was a little soggy.
The price very reasonable.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
Always busy but fast moving.
Nothing special about this place.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
For a Fabulous Wedding!
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
I noted it was crossed off on the bill.
Great, original taste.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.
How do you rate home?
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
The place was nice and calm.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
its alright
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
We had a good time.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
I will definetly be going back.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
Jimmy is Dominican!
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - doesn't meet the bill.
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
This is the best thing in Soho.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The food was great.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
It's a small cute restaurant.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
Trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.
great experience overall.
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek).
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.
Atmosphere is a bore.
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
Horrible.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years, I am now in culinary school, I am a huge lover of oysters and fish, and my girlfriend is half Korean!
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
The food is great and authentic.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
I sometimes see the waiters don't have enough knowledge of their dishes.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.
What an amazing meal and experience!
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
Avoid this place!
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
The food is great and reasonably priced.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
and you can't beat the prices.
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies.
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
This place has great indian chinese food.
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
Fantastic!
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
Fantastic!
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
You'll adore it.
We had the most wonderful waitress.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
When you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.
I absolutely Loved this place.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
I live on the street this place is on.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
The staff is also attentive and friendly.
We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
The food there are sastifying.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
I never had anything I didn't like here.
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
The wine list is excellent.
I loved it and would go again.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
Sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know Sal, is to know New York.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
Sometimes you pay a lot and don't get much in return - it's manhattan, things are expensive.
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
Sexy.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.
Great service, great food.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
Some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy's.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
It's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
And it was quick which is very important.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
Love Al Di La
Service is usually pretty good.
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
I love it.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
None was made so i hung up.
And the food was fantastic.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
I went there after hearing how great it was.
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
We will be back.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
ALWAYS full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to Rockefeller Center).
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
Never again!
I recommend it!
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
Take a good sense of humor,an American express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
I've never been treated so rudely.
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
The food was good.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.
Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party.
Our food was great too!
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
first it took us a long time to find the place.
Bravissimo !!
The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.
Love Pizza 33..
An excellent service
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
I would definently recommend this restaurant.
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
Get it together.
Maybe it's that most of Dumont's patrons are younger and have lower expectations, but I cannot recommend Dumont.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
skip dessert.
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
Weekends can get crowded, but still highly recommended.
Not cheap, but not that expensive either.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
I have never had cheescake like this.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
We were then shooed inside.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
service was efficient courteous.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
Great deal!
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
The food is delicious.
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
The staff is no nonsense.
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation (if possible)
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
This place is a great bargain.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
Great vibe, lots of people.
Guess the 555Soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
The food options rule.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
Not impressed with the food.
Everyone I bring here always loves it.
The food now is inconsistent.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.
It is terrific, as is the value.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
Went there for a special celebration.
short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
We've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
And that's no mean feat...
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
Certainly not the best sushi in New York, however, it is always fresh, and the place is very clean, sterile.
You will be very happy with the experience.
The hostess said "Wow that's a large group, unless you aren't together", to which I replied "no we are, and there will be one more, so a table for six please." 
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
Satisfying.
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Again, the waitress was awesome.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
Why?
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
The food options rule.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
I wish I COULD be refunded!
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
You'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
Delicious crab cakes too.
Service is fast and friendly.
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
Been there, done that, and New York, it's not that big a deal.
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
My family ate here last weekend.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
I/we will never go back to this place again.
I go twice a month!
And I could do without the cigar smoke.
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
It was wonderful.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.
Too bad, has a lot of potential.
Also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
Great neighborhood joint.
It's cute and simple and I loved it.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
They are located in the middle of Chinatown!
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
we love th pink pony.
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
The place was nice and calm.
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
The staff offers impeccable service.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead.
Yes, I ate the food, but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating, and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
Lives up to the hype
Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
I love it.
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis.
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
Zero ambiance to boot.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
Tends to turn people away.
I had the best ravioli ever.
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
now if they could only get a toaster.
and there's no way out.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
Thank You Emilio.
It is also extremely well priced.
It hits the spot every time
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
I recommend it!
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.
Give it a try and enjoy.
You have to increase the service a lot.
Maggot in the food!
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
However, our main course was wonderful.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay. 
Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
You can't go wrong with this place.
It's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Just not good at all.
The place was quiet and delightful.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
Service was very good and warm.
I will be going back very soon.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
We bring in a party of ten or so every week.
You will not be disapointed at all.
We didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough. 
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
love the food.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
Great sushi experience.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
I can't wait for the nex time.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
The lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
We will definitely go back.
It's true, this place is not cheap.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
I know because I live nearby.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
so delicious!!!!!!
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
Dug the blue bar area too.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
You can do it here.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
Very good wine choices.
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
The steak melted in my mouth.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
So, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
Prices are in line.
We were then shooed inside.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
It's a great find in Astoria.
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.
Great sake!
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
We had a good time.
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for?
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
I'll be back for sure.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
The food here was mediocre at best. 
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
You can do it here.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
I grew up on these bagels.
They charge different prices all the time.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
Can't wait to go back.
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
(I've ordered from the 2nd ave.
I care more about the food and ambience.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
The bagel was huge.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
There is "Expensive-but-worth-it" and there is "Expensive-and-WTF"?
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
BTW, the service is very good .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
But $1 for each small piece???
I pray it stays open forever.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
I love this place.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine's dinner.
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.
Priced at upper intermediate range.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
Food was okay, nothing great.
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.
However, most of them are at least prompt and pleasant.
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
I went there with a few friends and will return.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Amma is nothing special.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
And the food is fantastic.
They treat me like family, morning and night.
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.
And affordable.
Service was prompt and courteous.
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
You will be satisfied.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.
this place... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend.
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective.