The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition .
It 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I 'm struggle with finding the correct keys ( but that was expected ) .
The display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp .
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
The " Time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
I paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
It 's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
It 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
And it did n't show up on the reciept , I do n't know how we ordered it online !
It was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
Very disappointed with Apple .
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
For the same price , you get a lot more in the Asus .... 1920x1080 res .
It is better than my old acer laptop .
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
Then it ceased charging at all .
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
A * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
That system is fixed .
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance .
You know what ? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago .
It did n't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
Hope this helps !
The computer blinks it shuts off at will .
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
I was considering buying the Air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
Either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though I will upgrade this and the ram . . )
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
$ 999.00 Tax free .
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
Buy it , love it , and I promise you wo n't regret it .
great battery life .
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
The only thing I do n't understand is that the resolution of the screen is n't high enough for some pages , such as Yahoo!Mail .
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
I ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
The programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops , it is worth the price .
Then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
This Mac Mini makes the Macbook Pro seem slow .
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( I prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the brightness .
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also !
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
I do not recommend this company or their products !!!!
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made .
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
Vista is a nightmare .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
I am not much of a computer techie , so I can understand some of the internal problems , though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
Because it IS a defective product .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
EITHER WAY , THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY .
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation .
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone .
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
Cons : Screen resolution .
Runs like a champ .....
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
Very Very Highly Recommended .
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
Now I could get myself a cheap computer , that will probably work a whole lot better !
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
Very light and easily maneuverable .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 ( in PC enabled with USB3 ) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access .
I blame the Mac OS .
HP said it was out of warranty .
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
It 's a nice little gadget .
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room .
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba .
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import .
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the Mac OS ) and the range is poor .
A lot of help they WERE N'T !
Also is portable and reliable .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
The laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig ( you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
Apple " Help " is a mixed bag .
No tutorials on the display .
I never tried any external mics with that iMac .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
It did everything we expected !
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
It was always getting froze up .
Amazing machine .
i try to use it today and I ca n't logon .
It is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern .
This is what I call a good after sales service .
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
I think that they are the best out on the market .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
Nice packing .
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
This thing sucks !
Overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS .
It 's face and depanable .
To me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam ... Definite Buy ...
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
* 4 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam , decided to send complaint email to Apple .
I 'm pleased .
It did not have all the features I expected it to have .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
Great things come in small " packages .
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
It was quite easy .
It 's so useable and responsive .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
I have used a couple of others on the job as well .
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program .
I was said it 's videocard .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
This is my second MacBook .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
Currently if I use the laptop I ca n't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
Now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
Battery life needs more life .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
At first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
Newegg 's RMA service was great as always , I contacted them late Friday night , and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday .
Summary : Dont buy HP .
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
After much battling with HP i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
Let 's just get this out of the way , I love Apple !
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
Adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
Probbly the worst decision we ever made !
4gb of ram ...
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
Besides being elegant , the MacBooks are durable .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
Just for a stupid CD .
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers .
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
However , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now .
It is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
I am just ONE of the million customers .
It 's shiny and it 's pretty .
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
So this was great for me .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
Great wifi too .
They refuse .
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
I LOVE IT !
Sony , Acer , Dell , Packard Bell and Toshiba .
Then I 've fixed the DC jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
Great battery , speed , display .
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
The price is 200 dollars down .
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro Model # MD101LL/A .
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
Could n't have asked for more !
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
When I got it , I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
I am ADDICTED to photo booth !
I will never go back to Windows !
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family .
It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
Design : very durable .
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage .
I would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
My bag just got a little lighter .
I had the same reasons as most PC users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games .
There is no " tools " menu .
What can I say , It 's an Apple .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
I 've had a Toshiba laptop in the past ;
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
I have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
I will never go back to a PC again !
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
They are about the same size keys .
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
Garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
Purchased as a gift for a friend .
Screen is bright and gorgeous .
Although my model was listed as recalled , HP denied my claim .
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
I mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
The battery life was shorter than expected .
I loved it then , but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet .
Great pick for portability and affordability .
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook , it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop .
Great value , fast delivery - Computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
Its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it .
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP , I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS .
I highly recommend this product !
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem .
I 'm glad I bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
Unfortunately , Apple 's quality has continued to slide .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
It is SO much fun to play with .
It 's very annoying .
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
The display is beyond horrible .
So this review might be a tad bit bias .
On 3 July 2004 , I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $ 150
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program .
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 " Mountain Lion " .
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
Very annoying .
Also , because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
In my house , HP is a nasty word .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
There is nothing better .
After that the said it was under warranty .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
By week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though I did not use it too much .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
I will NEVER buy ( Refurbished ) again , I do n't cae how cheap it is .
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS .
Strengths : Well-shaped Weaknesses : A bad videocard !
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed .
Turns out this is a common problem .
Considering another computer should be out of the question
She said its very user friendly .
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands .
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
It 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why I bought it in the first place .
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school .
All of the programs ( Keynote , Pages , Numbers ) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
After 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
I love a " pc " but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
The battery life is excellent - 6-7 hours without charging .
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support .
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone .
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
Took a while to clean it up to my specs .
So far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the HP I replaced .
I enjoy having apple products .
The screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
I sit down and use my husband 's work PC and I do n't like it one bit .
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I 'm doing now !
The display is awesome .
I 'm pretty sure when I bought it , my bank account went ' ouch !
I love the Apple products .
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
I respond that I do not have the old computer ...
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
Have one myself and Love it !
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
I thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
Best Buy Rocks !
It 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... In resume : it 's a Mac !
One of them seems to have worked .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
But you must get the 15 inch .
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini .
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
My kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
This is not Best Buy 's fault .
I go to purchase it on line , and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
You will fall in love with it in no time .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
I do n't want to RUN a computer ; I want to USE a computer .
I first purchased this Dell model " 1764 " on April 6 , 201
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
Before i bought my new i5 , I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
Great Performance and Quality .
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best .
Okay , let 's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy .
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
Plus stylish .
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
Two of the times was in one month .
This mac is great !
I love the size , keyboard , the functions .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
Though you get a polite person , you often don t get a solution .
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable .
I recommend the Macbook Pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
on the bright side at least I was n't without my laptop for long this time !
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
They are not .
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
" This is n't a big deal , I have n't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media , only through USB output .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
After the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
After all was said and done , I essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM , TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
i would have to say that overall its great !
However , a NETBOOK will be a different story .
Even out of warranty !
The graphics are great .
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I 've ever bought .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed .
I will be patient for few months .
The configuration is perfect for my needs .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems , as well .
Delivery was early too .
Not a scratch or mark on it .
I like it !
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
Also kinda loud when the fan was running .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
They are so realistic I am just speechless .
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
Which is what I did , check out my ACER 5517 !
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
but it has a major design flaw .
Other Thoughts : Do not purchase this product .
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when I click on it it says : " Consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full charge .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
You may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
PDF files can be viewed instantly .
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
So needless to day , I 'm not happy .
The price is higher than most lab top out there ; however , he/she will get what they paid for , which is a great computer .
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile .
User friendly , fast and high tech It is amazing !
I Contacted HP about this situation and was given excuses , without results .
This is by far thee best , most reliable computer I could find .
The video card is great for media , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
I 'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100 % that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence .
Once again , I was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
After 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
I 've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
was a great deal i will give that .
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
IT IS TRASH !
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
Thank you .
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
What 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it does n't keep what I put here are my aratings
In short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing Rover your dog ) .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
It is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
Its a dog plain and simple .
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( I could see them ) .
My main reason to convert was the imovie program .
I should have been more observant .
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
I am an Info Sys major in college , so I started researching this issue on my own .
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
Of course , I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork , GarageBand , and iMovie .
Keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that I do .
Simple to use , and great graphics .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
I find it not to be very user friendly .
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
Boots up fast and runs great !
also it is light weight compared to others .
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box !
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
The software is amazing .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating .
My last laptop was a 17 " ASUS gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , TOPS !
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
I got the first " Blue screen of death " in the early part of July .
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
Buy this .
Basic computer .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too !
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
Not easy to carry .
The notebook would not turn back on again .
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
Great product .
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing .
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
Before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
It 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
Awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful UX .
I think this computer is super lame .
For the not so good , I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy .
I am a freelance graphic artist .
Love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
Besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I 've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb , 201
Yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
Who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC .
Also , macbooks come with much more features which are so cool !
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video .
The graphics are stunning .
( 3DMARK6 score is only 8500 ) .
We love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
After using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
So , I thought why not give Mac Book pro a try .
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them " de-bugged " .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
Buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac .
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
The right speaker did not work .
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive .
Overall very impressed , Thank you Apple and Amazon !
I 'm not going to lie , I 've never really liked the Acer brand in general .
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? So , I said I wanted a new set .
Runs real quick .
Either way I 'm furious .
This unit is not .
I have never had an experience like this .
All I can say is I am impressed .
I 've had this laptop for about a month now .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
I have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer .
Maybe it 's Acer , maybe it 's MSFT .
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops , the Macbooks are worth the dough .
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
It works great and I am so happy I bought it .
They also have a longer service life than other computers ( I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks ) .
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
they improved nothing else such as Resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
What can I say .
I took it back for a full refund .
" > iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
I absolutely love my mac !
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time !
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that ar n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would .
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
It also does not have bluetooth .
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift .
I will never buy another HP computer .
It easily fits into most computer bags but does n't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks .
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs .
It 's a joke .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
Also , I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair .
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using .
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing .
Dell sucks
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
Great overall .
The 4 USB ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop !
So , buyers beware !
Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
I did contact HP and share how unhappy I am .
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
Fits all my personal needs .
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
I like it so much , I bought another just for my wife .
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do .
I 'm going back to DELL .
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made .
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one .
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz ) .
It was a laugh too !
Memory is upgradable .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
It 's A MAC !!
The computer would not ever cut back on .
Easy learning curve .
And inconvenient !
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program .
I had less problems .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
User upgradeable RAM and HDD .
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours .
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well !
It 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook .
So far , I have no complaints .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
I have n't tried the one with retina display ... Maybe in the future .
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII .
I 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
Apple did a great job .
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
We were occasional Mac users before , but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford .
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
Thank God for " ctrl Z " Bottom line , I 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
Beta had better quality , but VHS became the industry standard .
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
WIth the upgraded memory , the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
It was over rated !
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
I would never buy a Dell again .
It 's all a bit magical .
the battery is irreplaceable .
High price tag , however .
Features like the font are very block-like and old school .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
But until now , no complains at all .
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac .
All for such a great price .
To those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
I highly recommend that you buy this product .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
NO STAR FOR THIS TRASH . [ ...
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
I shipped out on Saturday , July 17 .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Also the display is exceptional !
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $ 962 :) .
It 's solid .
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple .
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
The battery has never worked well .
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
- Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowlede .
Summary : Spend your money elsewhere
Being only 2 months old , I am not a happy camper !
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket !
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
If you get a lemon ( I have two thirds of my Macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
No Viruses !
Still pretty pricey , but I 've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund , and finally got to use it .
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
It was at my door in less than 24 hours .
My HP is very heavy .
Good in every aspect .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN .
It is as good as new .
Satisfy what I paid for it .
Have n't regretted it one bit .
Its also FUN to use !
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I ca n't imagine ever going back .
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free .
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
Seems to me that 's the best way to get Apple 's attention .
It has everything you need to get the job done .
Set up was a breeze .
And this is n't just my one experine .
They 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
I was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
Setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
Very fast for my needs .
I started hainv problems with it within the first month .
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
After doing CAD work all day at work , using a higher end PC , I could n't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer .
Not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
It 's outstanding too .
It 's great and we will always stick with Apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
Files as well would become lost , deleted or corrupted .
I was starting to boil .
Added an iMac about 2 years later .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
- got it back 3 months later
It was fast , and it was " different " .
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player .
Theres also iDVD , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
No viruses .
But I do NOT like Win8 .
Second , it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie Internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
I love it so much .
breaks easily .
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
So you out of of notebook and money .
She told me flatly , " It 's like that one .
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier , and I 'm glad that I did it .
Crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming , as I have a desktop rig for that reason .
So noise is reduced at least 50 % and the heat is much better , now it does n't feel hot but warm .
This little netboook is helping me get work done !
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying .
Also , I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
This is another reason to like the Mac .
It works really well .
I love this program , it is superior to windows movie maker .
Overall : Poor , Features : Average , Performance : Poor , Battery Life : Excellent , Price-Value : Poor
Performance is much much better on the Pro , especially if you install an SSD on it .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
The PhotoBooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 1000
All in all , I 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with HP as a whole .
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
It 's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
Do n't waste your money or time .
You may need to special order a bag .
Replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
Pretty disappointed about this product .
Do n't buy this model .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine .
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $ 150 plus .
The item received was exactly as identified .
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
I also bought one for my wife , and 3 for my office .
It quit working within a weeks time .
I do not like too much Windows 8 .
Simply amazing computer !!
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games ( WoW ) to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
So in late March , early April 2009 I was without it again for a couple weeks while I had online courses I had to complete and my fiance was in Afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had .
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as I am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before I bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as I am used to a bigger one and pounding .
So do n't get it .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
If you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
I practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
We both recently got new laptops .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the MBPs .
So far , so good !
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
It seems to be incompatible with everything else .
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
I also liked the glass screen .
I am very happy with my first Mac .
Very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future .
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently .
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
Again .
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products .
This a starter notebook .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
Honestly , I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for !
I was always against them but now I buying one I 'll never go back to PC .
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
They are closed at 9pm eastern .
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and I have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
It has a very high performance , just for what I needed for .
My house is now 100 % Macbook .
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7 , what about us Vista users ? They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system .
I also own an HP notebook and it does n't even come close .
I purchased my first Mac and am glad I did .
I love the operating system and the preloaded software .
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
A cheaper price should not equal a " cheap " product .
Now they are believers in the product .
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
The computer was delivered as promised .
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
It 's fast , light , and simple to use .
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
The only bad part is the size/weight .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
I 've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye 'd the computer when I took it out of my bag .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
Im glad that it has such great features in it .
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
I am a full Mac convert now .
My wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
I think that was a great decision to buy
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
I like the operating system .
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small , portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so .
Its pretty much fire it up and go .
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the LCD ) .
I have owned it only two months !
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present .
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used .
Far superior to my MacBook .
Perfect -- thanks so .
I will not be using that slot again .
I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am .
Deal of the year .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas .
However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything .
This machine was a horrible experience .
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
It did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
No installation disk ( DVD ) is included .
It is very durable , I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
but it came back in even worse shape .
It 's great to have a solid Mac in the living room .
Please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
It 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
Being a tech savvy , APPLE - product loving person , I 'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro !
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash .
Right size and weight for portability .
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
Sorry Toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
The technical support was not helpful as well .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - )
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
The laptop was very easy to set up .
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it .
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
I am just amazed .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( I even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
This laptop is a great buy .
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
I called back to ensure that received it , they had .
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
Keyboard could use some trimming .
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
I was a little worry at first because I do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
Better stick with another brand .
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba !
I can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
But for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
Searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
It really is very light compared to other computers .
There is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad .
It is fast and easy to use .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
They are simpler to use .
I like the brightness and adjustments .
In my line of work , I often have to take work home , and this makes it so easy .
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper .
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8 .
Speakers does n't sound that great .
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
This computer is absolutely AMAZING !!!
Good luck .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
Then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
Winters is on it 's way and I imagine it will be cozy .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
I am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
BTW , I checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that I was not alone , far from it .
So far , a great product .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
It 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
This is no exception .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad .
They have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
It is extremely fast and very compact .
I am very happy with this laptop .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
I 'm going to try and keep my old G4 on the road for as long as possible .
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid ( I have tried both Motorola and HTC ) plugged into the USB port .
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook !
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in .
This laptop is insane !!!
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere .
- they lost my laptop for a month
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
Again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
I expected so as it 's an Apple product , but I was glad to see my expectations exceeded , this is THE laptop to buy right now .
This mac does come with an extender cable and I 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac .
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it .
they had to replace the motherboard in April
Bottom line , I doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
No laptop is perfect , but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
Made interneting ( part of my business ) very difficult to maintain .
This has happened three times so far .
! Excelent performance , usability , presentation and time response .
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell .
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
I 'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
If you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
So glad I have gone this route !!
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products .
I got what I paid for .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me , I only had a problem once or twice with it , But probably my computer was a bit defective .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2 .0 hrs when not plugged in .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
I 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business .
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
However , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you 're gaming ) .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
My MacBook Pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
One bad thing is it gets hot .
Even though it is running Snow Leopard , 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel .
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend .
Enjoy using Microsoft Office !
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
All the above aside this machine ROCKS !
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had .
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
We did not even have it a year .
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
If you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , I bought the white one from Best Buy .
Hope this helped !
It has happened again and I 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
It 's annoying very much and I wo n't ever buy any Acer products .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
Overall , it 's ok .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
I 've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it !
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook .
the speed is fine .
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER -------- LOU
Clear picture on it and everything .
It does n't bother me though .
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes .
- Stay away from Apple , or hope you laptop does not break down .
And I can attach my projector to it .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
- Managed to send complaint email .
The pricing is very competitive .
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased .
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either .
We now own two of these , identical .
Thank you for your great product !
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop .
I use it mostly for content creation ( Audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
I will never buy anything from HP again !
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
Going to bring it to service today .
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
I am loyal to Apple .
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
The Awesomest of the awesomest .
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
I 'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for .
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
Like the price and operation .
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
This is the first macbook I have ever had .
I should have sent it back to them then .
The problems started with just the screen freezing .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
Needless to say , the leap from that to this has been amazing and ( aside from the financial reasons ) I am astounded that I had n't made the switch sooner .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied .
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems .
When I turned it on , nothing .
They 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
Small and light weight .
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764 .
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
So it was only about 2 weeks ago .
10/10 five stars would recommend .
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
Customization on mac is impossible .
Apple care included .
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
While many people brag about Mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC , but once I got the hang of it , I do n't want to go back .
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I do n't run accross a situation like this again !
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
One more thing , this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
I 'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product .
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
It 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
That being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs ( 4 ) , and a driver/application DVD .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
Other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
The speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned .
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple .
Good laptop for the money .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what I know now , I would not buy it at that price .
also the battery is completely shot .
The computer is a dream come true .
:) In the past four years I 've had it I have never once gotten a virus .
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen .
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look .
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase !
Since I 've had this computer I 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
But I do n't see it as a problem .
Couldnt not use it .
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
Other Thoughts : I love newegg , I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product .
Im very happy with this computer !
you will not regret it , promise you !
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
for 2 months .
No I am generous calling it slow .
DEFINITELY recommended !!!
A couple things you should know :
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
That is my only complaint !
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful , well worth it .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
Every time I log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through .
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS .
Now for the hardware problems .
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
Words can not express how much I love my new Mac .
What a great little laptop .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
This was a gift for my grand son .
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
Now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
I am loving the fast performance also .
I would not recommend this product to anyone .
Could n't keep a page up you were working on !
System is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped .
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned .
The Macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it .
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections I turn on should work .
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
The touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again !
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista , yet I know Vista is n't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista ( I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system ) .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
Gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes .
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
It is a REAL touchpad , not the toy I saw in other brands .
The Apple will run Internet Explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
HP did n't fix it .
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if , since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it 's " like new , " I might have 8 months next time .
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop .
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars !
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
Needless to say a PC that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
I have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
But I 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless .
Am very glad I bought it , great netbook , low price .
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
First things first , Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
I had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my State 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy !
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch .
while about 8 years ago , I hope that the quality has changed .
Highly recommended !
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ) .
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO !
not something you want to miss out on !!!
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
I ' have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
Very nice so far .
I can never go back to a PC now , this machine never freezes or has any problems .
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click .
Time will tell .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
So you might ask , what did Apple do for me ?
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
It 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
Buyer Beware .
I 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
Do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
Besides the great look , it is a great machine .
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
However , I can refute that OSX is " FAST " .
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
Note , however , that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection .
- When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them , I tried to call .
Buyers beware .
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
I realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to " FM " as opposed to the default " CD .
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot .
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications .
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
SO ? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT ? C'mon , I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
It 's the mid 2012 version .
The Toshiba Mini Notebook , Model NB 305-N410BL , is a great little computer .
I also purchased Office Max 's " Max Assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
Much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me .
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time .
Size : I know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
So you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design .
His was worth $ 36 .
Games being the main issue .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser .
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
I love this piece of equipment , It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro .
It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
I love it !
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK !!!
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses .
It makes a great gift .
I had to pay for the shipping !
I thought the price was great for the specs .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
And Toshiba is a quality supplier .
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore , Apple does n't even offer it anymore !
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
Do not buy it !
Definitely worth spending the money on it .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
Then only FOUR months later , my great MacBook pro FAILED .
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first .
First the screen goes completely out .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to .
Stay away from HP .
So not having my laptop was discouraging .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
Overall this laptop is great .
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro .
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
Comes with iMovie ;
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
I will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
the two of us use it regularly .
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
I wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
Otherwise , I love it !
I just fell in love with this thing .
It Was a great deal after all .
My computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
Do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe .
I wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
I am so addict to this laptop .
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
That 's a huge difference .
Its everything mac offers .
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
This computer gets very hot , before shutting down .
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66 GHz 15 " Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you 're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I 've never used a computer that performs better .
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium -- delivered with only 1GB of RAM , and it was a * dog * .
Let me tell you , this machine is great .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused .
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
You will not regret buying this computer !
Ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple .
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
Not good for a person who gets online daily .
Startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
I was waiting for this model to be released since January , and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me .
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
Nothing bad to say about it .
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
They are n't worth the money , even though they are on the cheap side , laptop speaking .
At first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
Good computer and fast .
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite .
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
But I needed a laptop for school use .
This one has had the same effect .
- When battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair ( 26th of August ) .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
The laptop is gorgeous .
There are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
For some odd reasons the computer does n't reconize the operation system .
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008 .
Well , maybe I was just very unlucky .
Be safe buy a Sony .
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade !
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
Enough said .
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems .
I was WRONG !
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
so i called technical support .
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
This machine rocks !
Actually , I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC .
This computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
Good luck with your purchase options .
That includes transferring my music and movies .
It was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied .
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
Few viruses to catch ;
Not sure on Windows 8 .
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
It 's fast , quiet , incredibly small and affordable compared to other Mac models .
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
Taking it anywhere was a pain !
They ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months !
Runs Hot I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product .
This worked just fine .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
I 've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM .
He 's thrilled with his new laptop .
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar .
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
It 's A MAC !!
Just a black screen !
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
I will not buy another one .
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid .
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
Right out of the box , this little netbook did everything I asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there 's nothing like a Mac .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I 'm really happy with the move .
I 've only had it one day , but I really do love it and I 'm happy it was economical and I 'm finally able to own a Mac !
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
It 's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it .
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
I have a lapdesk which I can use , but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
This computer is the ideal college companion .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500GB instead of 320GB ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
Worse , for the price I could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
You 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk .... this is in an un-air conditioned room ..... in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
This thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything I could ask for .
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box .
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it 's better than ever .
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
I left the place angrily .
I took the laptop home and not even a month later , I began to have problems with it .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems .
Also , it hardly ever crashes .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7 .
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner ( ! ) .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
it has had some problems .
If you have to ask you do n't own a Mac and your just not in the know .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
Its a good laptop for its value .
All I can say is W-O-W .
Finally decided to try a MAC because there were too many choices of which PC 's to buy and EVERYONE who had a MAC said " buy a MAC " .
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
Sound card is limited though .
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
All you get is a box and a computer .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
I 'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC !!!
I Hate it !
There is nothing to complain about the system .
This mouse is terrific .
it is really expensive though .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
I loved it .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
I do not plan on going back .
Wonderful zooming .
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
And it 's so quiet that I do n't hear it at all .
The built quality is really good , I was so Happy and excited about this Product .
I can do pretty much 75 % of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
Took it back as it was defective .
Note that I do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone , but this Netbook was a very poor computer .
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
OSX Mountain Lion soon to upgrade to Mavericks .
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet .
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
It can not save the correct date and time I set .
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port , HDMI , ethernet and 3 USB ports .
Does everything I need it to , has a wonderful battery life and I could n't be happier .
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
Maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
So , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
The local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some Toshiba satellite .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009 .
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones .
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini .
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased .
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
Minis make sense for a lot of people .
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit .
Enough said .
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
As for the laptop , this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years .
and if u did .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
Ive had to call tech support many times .
That day !
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
That defeated the whole point of a laptop .
Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
I never have had a good result with this computer .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
However , the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09 .
Great OS , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
I like the laptop overall .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
We did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
Best commuter I have ever owned .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
It is the worst laptop ever
The touch pad is among the best .
4 ) Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
They would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone , then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and USB ports inoperative .
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel .
It 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
However , it did not have any scratches , ZERO battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
All you have to do is turn it on and it works .
A scratch on a $ 1,500 MacBook is unforgivable .
So I called , AGAIN .
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what I 've done .
I love it !
Otherwise , all other features are a 1
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times - sometimes too sensitive , and sometimes a bit unresponsive , but it 's usable .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
Other Thoughts : Received replacement 16 Days later .
Take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
They removed them and returned the computer to me .
1 . You can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does NOT support that function ) .
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007 .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it .
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU ( similar to the $ 799 Mini ) , with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card ( this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
, Applications respond immediately ( not like the tired MS applications ) .
Downfalls : sharp edges .
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
They did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
It was an all around waste of money for me .
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports .
For the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ 2
So if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
I will only buy apple laptops from now on .
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the Smithsonian ) After on Hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
This computer was awful , I would never recomend it to another person .
I 've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009 .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
I do n't have any technical pearls to share .
Ok first .
The device speaks about it self .
The speakers on it are useless too .
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product .
It 's also fairly easy to use the Operating System .
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
It is a bit heavy .
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac .
Took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different FedEx offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world .
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
You might think , I am new in this game , but I am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
Maybe not the cutting edge ( Satellite L455D ) but it is a workhorse .
Very small and portable I 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It 's better than expected .
It was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 10
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s .
I had a MacBook Notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
Extremely disappointed with the way it is .
I just hope this expensive laptop does n't go dead like my friends ... it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust .
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
They definitely have a superior product !
All the yada-yada .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
If you have much higher expectations than that ... I would look elsewhere .
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
I have used PC 's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy .
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
I will never purchase a HP again ever .
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
I am a college student and it has been very useful .
It 's now all commodity hardware .
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
I 've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back .
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
Again , decent comp for the price , and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
Still trying to learn how to use it .
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
Exactly that , users .
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop .
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
I am very happy I bought this Mac , well worth the extra money .
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf !
Still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
They sent out a Sony ' Certified ' technician .
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC .
They click .
The ease of use is wonderful .
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( I bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
The only time I have restarted is during system updates .
It 's color is even cool .
The battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old .
excellent in every way .
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
Quietest laptop I have ever owned .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
I had never owned a Mac before ;
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
- Estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS .
Those things are very important - vital even !
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
just chill and enjoy .
After doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " MBP i5 .
However the frozen screens kept happening .
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one , but IMO NO STARS
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
I love the quick start up .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
This is my first computer purchase
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too !
Then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
For those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
Unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
Love the speed , especially !
The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students .
NOT WITH APPLE .
I 'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you 's .
This is a great machine !
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
dell is a decently made pc .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion .
There is no HDMI receptacle , nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device .
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
The minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
After 5 months of failed repairs , requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue .
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
Being a PC user for many years to switch to a Mac I will not go back .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
I 'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro !
The keyboard is too slick .
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC ( a Sony Vaio ) , but it was basically no better than my old PC , so I returned it .
At first when I got this product , I loved it .
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
Premium price for the OS more than anything else .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100 % OF THE TIME .
However , this will be my last as well .
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
Their products , including the MBP , are beautiful , sleek and clever .
Great deal on an amazing lap top !
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple .
go for it !
Again , I sent it off to Acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop .
I have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME !
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I could n't .
This is a great little computer for the price .
The screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset .
System is running great .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
been a PC user for many , many years .
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
I did a lot of research and ended up thinking this Toshiba was the best one for me .
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
I also made a recovery USB stick .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
Solution : it turned out to be pretty simple .
Overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
They are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
This device has met my expectations and I 'm sure it will meet yours .
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
Macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
I would buy this lap top over and over again !
Not working = bad
The benefits were immediate !
Money and time well spent !
I 'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
It came before the day it supposed to which is great .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
Its still going .
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact , and I am certainly glad I did .
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great !
I was so excited when my dad said i could get a new laptop for my birthday .
It has worked fine .
The perfect notebook ...
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it .
I love the 15 " MacBook Pro .
I honestly love my mac , thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict .
I can not be happier with the service or product .
This mac has been a problem since we got it .
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use , although very different than Win XP , Visa or Win7 .
I got the new adapter and there was no change .
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident ( long story ) .
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made .
BUT there 's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions , this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
company provides UPS shipping , fast , great !
One , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing .
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
this one , in my opinion , might be a lemon !
It really is perfect for work and play .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
its sad because their commercials are great .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
It is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer !
Highly recommend for daily use .
Lord HAVE MERCY !
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
The only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but I expected that .
I liked the aluminum body .
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
The pictures are clear as can be .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
return it .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
But the Macbook is the best !
" For one , I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
* IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP , THIS IS NOT IT !
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife .
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
Before , I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer 's site .
May be better for the occasional web surfer .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
Bottom line , if you can afford it , get a Mac !
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
wonderful features .
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
Simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to ( CS5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
I finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
So glad I decided to upgrade !
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and I would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
If so , you may be having similar problems .
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased .
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived .
The settings are not user-friendly either .
As a lifelong Windows user , I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac .
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
Needless to say , not to happy with the product .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
I use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008 , we wanted Windows XP , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with Vista .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
I will also say it is much better than I expected !
The specs are pretty good too .
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
Windows 7 Starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
I use it now more than I even thought I would .
It is amazing .
Features such as the Dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL .
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP , but I use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so I sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
I love this computer .
It is super fast , and always loads .
I did a review on it , its awesome .
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset " - Inquired status of repair .
Also , HDD secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
I have had a black macbook since 2007 .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
When it broke I wanted another Acer and chose the V5 .
If you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks , and I am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
believe me apple has a reputation .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
This machine delivers .
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
But to be honest , I do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
If someone called me an Apple Fanboy ... it would make sense .
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well .
I love everything about it .
LOVE IT I 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
Sent unit back and it 's been two months .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
I 'm going to buy a logitevh c270 .
But I did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC .
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
I paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
PLEASE MAKE THESE !
Summary : I 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
I love the multi-touch trackpad .
Very disappointed !
The one thing that Apple does right is computers .
I would recommend this product .
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
i can use it for all of my needs .
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
I do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and I 'll never buy another one because I 've put more into it then it is worth .
It 's catatonic .
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan .
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and I am not kidding you , I called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon did n't have it yet .
- Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
I am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install , but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine !
iTunes is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an iPod .
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
Bought with a credit card .
Startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
It is everything that I would want in a computer .
Looking online , many people are having the same problem .
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from !
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
99 to fix it .
The only thing that I have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
Which was way too much money .
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba , too .
BAck she goes !
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
No hassle and no complaints .
The computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
The difference is phenomenal .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
I had to have these computers in my school .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
We used PC products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
- Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
Excellent product for the money .
This machine is A-mazing .
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
I just love this lap top , I just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
I should have bought one a long time ago .
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13 " RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered ( to me .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
i love the keyboard and the screen .
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
They told me to reprogram the computer , and I did n't need to do that , and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her life .
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
So , I went back .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one .
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
We are addicted to the Mac .
Overall , still a very nice machine .
It 's not a recommendation , it ' a plea .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
Will not buy another Toshiba , this is my second , not happy w / either .
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work .
With no problems , I 'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else .
Apple is living up to its name with the mini and , for our needs , it 's perfect .
Chatting with Acer support , I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
It does n't heat up like my old laptop .
They 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop .
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
I just plug this into my 22 " Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core .
I would buy it again in a heartbeat !
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
I 'm now trying to decide on another Dell model .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
It looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it ...
The battery is really long .
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
It is not even a year old yet , so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
Got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
The # 1 reason that is always repeated .
Toshiba is a great brand , even though I have n't had it for a long time , I am very happy with it !
3 ) Horrible customer support
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded .
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and I 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but I still expected better product quality for this price range .
Soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
It is meant to be PORTABLE .
I hate it !
It lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if I fired it up today , it would work .
The graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys .
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ( " Ivy Bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
Amazing Quality !
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon .
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload .
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com .
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
It 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for Microsoft office .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
It s heavy for Mac book but is good .
True quality at a great price !
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting .
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
Heck , if I had enough ' money , I would but it as a gift for someone .
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
For this purpose , it 's great .
My last computer , a Toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
Avoid this model .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
From the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
A little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
Was n't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from PC ;
Dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
Before I begin , I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
I 'm pretty sure it 's not newegg 's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
10 plus hours of battery ...
Asked the customer service rep.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
I am still in the process of learning about its features .
Overall a nice computer .
Long story short , since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one , I did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
I love my macbook pro !
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
Granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my Mac boots up noticeably quicker .
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
I have been a PC user since middle school , but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side , or should I say the brighter side of life .
I re-seated the " WLAN " card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it would n't have ANY problems .
Some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
Now , the next issue I had freaked me out .
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
I have no problems yet on my mac so far , and hope it stays like that .
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work .
This machine is flawless , fast , and classy .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
got another 1 , and same issue .
So happy with this purchase , I just wish it came with Microsoft Word .
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
I 'm very impressed .
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
i love ths notebook .
They discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
Since I never really got to use this , I ca n't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them .
Fine if you have a touch screen .
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
I am most impressed with the programming , including the iPhoto .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
Also the speakers are not very loud , But it is a netbook .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
After looking at all the pros and cons , I decided on the Macbook Pro .
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
The ultimate graduation gift .
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 " MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 " ( Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
This can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far .
Kind of annoying , but I still love the laptop .
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
It 's a good fix , in my opinion .
Before I got my macbook , I owned a Dell laptop .
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop !
It still serves me well both in business and home needs .
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
I am so happy to have purchased this computer .
I have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
i cant believe HP put this out .
I look forward to years of use , it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well .
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift , and i 'm totally ( almost kind of maybe definitely ) obsessed with it .
The MAC Mini , wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
I have the A65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races .
This comes in very handy for me as an educator .
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
He has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
I am definitely sold , and not going back to PCs for home use !
It certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with Mac 's complain about anything .
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin !
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
And windows 7 works like a charm .
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
I would say that 85 % of the design industry is Mac for good reason .
My MacBook is faster than any comparable PC .
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
Very powerful especially for the money .
My smart phone is faster !
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too !
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
It 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
My ONLY issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
I 'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect . . i It is !!
I 'm so disgusted that I wasted my money on this product .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
It is the best laptop ever !!!
The battery life is great .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
The only downfall is the volume control .
Oh , boy !
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
Runs smooth and quick .
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem .
The love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
Keyboard is reasonable size .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I 'm happy I switched .
but after i got used to it i love it .
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home .
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
This is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
I would suggest this product to anyone .
Bigger HD , better graphics card , and a bid HD .
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
Probably wo n't work either .
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
packing and everything was perfect
Yes , a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication , HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note .
No HDMI port .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
Out of the box I noticed how small it was and was exactly what I was looking for .
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors !!!!
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac .
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
Have returned that laptop unused .
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
I should have kept my big , old HP .
It is so much easier to use
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding .
Yeah , to you .
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop .
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
It 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
But then , something goes wrong .
The sound as mentioned earlier is n't the best , but it can be solved with headphones .
It 's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and USB devices are recognized almost instantly .
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
I am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
Despite the plethora of problems , I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
A great college tool !
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling .
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus .....
The screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
What 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
All my devises  talk  to each other .
Yes , the MBP is more expensive than competing PC laptops .
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
Best money I ever spent .
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC 's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC !!
It doesnt work worth a damn .
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
Just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
Originally bought it for my wife .
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I wo n't have to worry about a crash .
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
returned it .
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service , on my Eee PC I get 3 bars .
That 's how frustrating it was .
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
Wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
Came fully loaded - good .
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
Excellent speed for processing data .
Yes , he is a self professed " Mac snob .
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
Its a pretty decent computer .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
Which it did not have , only 3 USB 2 ports .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook , I decided to go to Dell 's website and update it .
Suffice it to say , my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
The Notebook PC , Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me .
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up !
Not worth it one bit .
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
I am very pleased with my purchase !
I 'm going back to PC .
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
Anyone who is considering buying an Acer computer of any sort , I seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand .
Great laptop that offers many great features !
Went silently .
Do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? It will NOT !
It may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
Finally , I purchased a Toshiba .
- Complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
I 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
I chose the iBookG4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone .
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it .
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route .
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
It is , however , very heavy .
If a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
That 's the downside for me .
Very good quality and well made .
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me .
But if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
But I was completely wrong , this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
Stay away from Envy .
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
It started out getting hot after only a few months .
Speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the Mac .
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal !
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it .
The sound is nice and loud ; I do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
This was the same problem with my MacBook ( circa 2007 ) that I just retired .
Dismantle the whole thing ? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
It could n't have been a better decision .
Luckily , Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one , but instead I got a refund and bought a mac .
I am stuck with a laptop that I can not do very much with .
The only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
The 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
I asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
Mac tutorials do help .
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office .
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6 " .
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC .
You will regret it if you buy any dell .
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
The only thing I miss are the " Home/End " type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
he ca n't stand it .
The baterry is very longer .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
What a waste .
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
Clearly , there is something wrong with the product and LG did n't take up the responsibility .
No Cd Rom in the new version there 's no way I 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
I could n't be more pleased .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
I hope to edit this in the next few hours , I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7 .
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
I can actually get work done with this MAC , and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop .
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
Plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
They claim call center is still down .
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products .
big mistake !
Yeah , it 's super expensive .
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
Three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
This one still has the CD slot .
It was returned on the third day I owned it .
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27 " iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers .
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC .
The machine itself is alright .
All of them were Windows machines .
Really great ... Well let me start at the beginning .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
When considering a Mac , look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag .
I really wish I had done this years ago .
The flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini !!!
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
very very slow laptop .
I LOVE it !
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
I 've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it 's all about .
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity .
I use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP , well , I 'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone !
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
This thing is a lemon .
This item is a beautiful piece , it works well , it is easy to carry and handle .
Seems a much more economical way to get into Apple than their other computers .
It would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
I 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and Apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
It took so much time .
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
They do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
I would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
Its perfect , not much heavy .
It is always reliable , never bugged and responds well .
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it .
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student , so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
It WORKS !
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
Easy to set up and go !
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
If you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
can never go wrong with apple products .
There are several programs for school or office use ( Pages , Numbers , Keynote , etc. ) , music ( Garageband ) , photo management ( Photo Booth , iPhoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( iMovie ) , etc .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
It 's light and easy to transport .
Loaded with bloatware .
Even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
I 'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration .
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
Awesome graphics !
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
THEN , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
Its worth every Penny .
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life .
luckly i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
5 ) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
Keyboard responds well to presses .
I wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
I was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
another satisfied customer .
lots of preloaded software .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
It should n't happen like that , I do n't have any design app open or anything .
I worked in IT retail sales before .
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
That was a big mistake .
I loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows OS ) until this started happening .
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4 Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money .
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD 'd during that time !
My children wo n't even use it for their school work .
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK !
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
A seventy dollar mouse !
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it .
Everything about this computer is easy to use .
2 ) Blue screen first month
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer , not will I buy Gateway , or eMachine as they are all from the same company .
For me , five stars is not enough .
It 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
It works great for general internet use , Microsoft Office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
But not in this case .
It just works flawlessly !
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
I waited and waited and no laptop .
I 'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
I have had many , many issues with PC 's in the past and I 'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution !
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
I 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend .
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista .
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro ..... always !
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote .
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
Just a month and a half or two months ago , my VAIO crashed again .
After years of using PCs , a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
I am not happy with my purchase
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase .
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised .
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life AMAZING .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
Graphics are much improved .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
The book is useless .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
Hopefully my replacement is brand new .
He LEFT ME , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
It out performs any other laptop on the market today .
This was the second computer and brand bought that day .
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
Looked at HP , ASUS , Acer , Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked .
The nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
Buying a Mac Mini would allow me to make the transition .
Have used only Macs for years .
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO !
I have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily .
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT !
I did not take the class and wish that I would have .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
I Love my new computer !
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
5 months dead again .
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate , and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
Not super light but still a good one .
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
I thought it would be a simple job .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
Called tech support and got the usual Acer " We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " I explained there was no software involved in booting .
Received the product promptly and without any issues .
The last new mac I bought was in 1998 .
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO .
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
It still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
But I was wrong .
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
It is not ideal for children because of the temp .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone .
This is perfect for her field .
Screen , keyboard , and mouse : If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
Gave phonenumber .
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port ( will work with adapter ) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back .
All-in-all , I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
The advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
Fully charged , the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged .
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
Very nice unibody construction .
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
Hieroglyphics are quite common .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
First of all , I 've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years .
Very satisfied .
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer I got ( that WAS worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the Docking port .
I hate it .
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
Yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in use .
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date .
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT .
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
Its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
its more like a snail crawl .
Not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it .
So , you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item .
My only disappointment with the 13 " model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life ( of about 2 more hours ) .
I love the form factor .
I 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
They say sorry out of warranty .
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
I have n't used it for anything high tech yet , but I love it already .
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
It was weird .
Never been hacked .
This is a great value for the money .
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8 .
I was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
VERY disappointing :
I am very Happy !
I am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
The speakers could have been better but it was n't a deal breaker ... this is a great little laptop ... love it !
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , I just didnt really wan na spend the money but Im glad that I did .
This is my first LG product .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
This computer was bought because I wanted " top of the line " , fast , reliable , HA .
I did not like my acer .
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video , so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
So far so good with this laptop .
It runs perfectly .
UPDATE : Two years after buying this laptop , I am now the proud owner of a lemon .
Well , I started using Google Chrome , which is a little better , but it freezes too sometimes .
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro !
I 've always used PC 's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac .
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
2nd Mac book I have purchased from MacConnection .
) I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
I just bought the new MacBook Pro , the 13 " model , and I ca n't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports .
The gray color was a good choice .
It was n't worth it .
If you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
I can see why the have soooo much money .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
Every day I had this computer , something failed on it .
I 'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes .
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
Well designed and fast .
Nothing wrong with this computer at all !
The battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse .
They do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
Each time taking about 1 day or so .
Typically , when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to Louisville Ky .
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable .
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
I had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer .
At $ 1899 to start , this is no cheap machine .
It 's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem .
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
This ai n't it .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good .
When the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
However , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
Apparently they 're not special anymore .
Never been happier using computer .
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat .
Very very disappointed !
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
Small and still VERY powerful .
Dells are ok , HPs are n't that good , but Macs or Fantastic .
Received all four in good order ;
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC When I first got this computer , it really rocked .
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
Sad very SAD .
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7 .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it !
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed .
Instead of taking another chance on Toshiba , I went with an Asus G73JH-x3 .
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
I did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped .
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
The quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
Why not 5 stars ?
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
I saved about $ 100 plus tax ordering on Amazon and since I have prime , it arrived overnight for just $ 3.99 more .
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I 've used .
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
Well , they do n't care a bunch .
It 's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small .
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere .
It is held in place magnetically .
I 'm very happy with this machine !
This is my first apple laptop .
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
I was so happy with my new Mac .
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
this is starting off good .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
I have had a Mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to PC .
HUGE Apple MAC Fan !
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
But , Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
Hopefully Amazon will take this back .
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money .
I just love my Mac !
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop .
