It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
Very fast and efficient !
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am .
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
Apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
The computer would not ever cut back on .
It discharges too quickly .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
Also , if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft , there is a charge , which I believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with XP if they could .
I 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
I left the place angrily .
All I can say is I am impressed .
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
It 's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it .
And I 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
packing and everything was perfect
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP , but I use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
It was n't worth it .
I will never buy another HP computer .
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
Im very happy with this computer !
: - ) If you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ) .
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it .
Mom , Dad , Brother , sister , You name it !
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem .
Programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
Very light and easily maneuverable .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
The gray color was a good choice .
Runs like a champ .....
A great computer for light home use and business use .
One more thing , this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables .
Other Thoughts : Received replacement 16 Days later .
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA !
That 's the downside for me .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
The touch pad is among the best .
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
My kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
I had read online that some users were having sound problems .
Apple did a great job .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
I purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
I 've had friends with Acers who seem to have had similar or exact same problems .
I never tried any external mics with that iMac .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
Its a good laptop for its value .
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
Granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my Mac boots up noticeably quicker .
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
I claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
A * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
However , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
Exactly as posted plus a great value .
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
They also have a longer service life than other computers ( I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks ) .
This laptop leaves alot to be desired , I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
I spent 2200 dollars on a " top of the line laptop " .
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
In fact , somehow ( and I never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
Sent unit back and it 's been two months .
They are about the same size keys .
This is a great machine !
And the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
12.44 seconds to boot .
It also does not have bluetooth .
It has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and abilitiy .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
After paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
It was returned on the third day I owned it .
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
It is a cheap throw together .
Have used only Macs for years .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
No HDMI port .
breaks easily .
The graphics are great .
It 's catatonic .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
Thank you .
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro .
This has happened three times so far .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
The pricing is very competitive .
The touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again !
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
Satisfy what I paid for it .
So I called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , I just chose to hide the message .
I 've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back .
Very annoying .
I ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
It was a laugh too !
Also , because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop !
Harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
I hope to edit this in the next few hours , I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7 .
However , a NETBOOK will be a different story .
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer , not will I buy Gateway , or eMachine as they are all from the same company .
I dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - )
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it .
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
They discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
4gb of ram ...
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
That day !
The OS is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC .
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had .
It 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb .
I tell everyone that I know , friends , family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner ( ! ) .
Took it back as it was defective .
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium -- delivered with only 1GB of RAM , and it was a * dog * .
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either .
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
I was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain Flash .
Downfalls : sharp edges .
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
Perfect trifecta !
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini !!!
Yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
To those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
Guess I 'll stay away from HP .
It 's fast , quiet , incredibly small and affordable compared to other Mac models .
This was the same problem with my MacBook ( circa 2007 ) that I just retired .
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead .... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
Took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different FedEx offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world .
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
Purchased as a gift for a friend .
I LOVE it !
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
It did n't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
While we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for buisness !
You will not regret buying this computer !
I called apple and no solution .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
very very slow laptop .
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved .
The thunderbolt port is awesome !
Their products , including the MBP , are beautiful , sleek and clever .
I have nothing to regret from this new product .
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
I 'm not going to lie , I 've never really liked the Acer brand in general .
This mouse is terrific .
So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped .
You may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset .
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
I thought the price was great for the specs .
The battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE ---- BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
Its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
Many thanks , Overstock.com .
I loved it then , but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet .
She said its very user friendly .
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming , as I have a desktop rig for that reason .
Before i bought my new i5 , I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook , I decided to go to Dell 's website and update it .
I did not take the class and wish that I would have .
No tutorials on the display .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
It was getting old and I needed a new school computer .
To me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam ... Definite Buy ...
I ca n't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print .
Logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue .
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
The Awesomest of the awesomest .
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
Size : I know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
I have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
Two of the times was in one month .
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card ( ATI 5870 ) / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
With what I paid for this computer it should have had everything on it .
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
3 ) Horrible customer support
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
Right out of the box , this little netbook did everything I asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
I can throw anything at it ( and I do ) , Pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
Probably wo n't work either .
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
Though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $ 962 :) .
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
I 'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC !!!
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
A lot of help they WERE N'T !
Every single one we 've gotten we 've had problems with .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
This is a review of windows vista system .
Was n't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date .
Runs very smoothly .
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop .
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE .
It has happened again and I 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it .
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
It 's light and easy to transport .
It certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with Mac 's complain about anything .
This is no exception .
So far , so good .
Not super light but still a good one .
I will only buy apple laptops from now on .
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
I worked in IT retail sales before .
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
I love this piece of equipment , It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro .
That 's right , no power , absolutely NOTHING .
Hope this helps !
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop .
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
My friends are in awe every time they come over !
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me .
It still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
Very disappointed with Apple .
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
It is very well built .
Needless to say , not to happy with the product .
If you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
1 . You can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does NOT support that function ) .
But , for the cost this is a winner .
In short I would never buy a Compaq again .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
The right speaker did not work .
It 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
This unit is not .
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
Do not buy it !
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
Needless to say a PC that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
I liked the aluminum body .
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
I started hainv problems with it within the first month .
I asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
i love ths notebook .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
I 'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes .
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( I could see them ) .
When it broke I wanted another Acer and chose the V5 .
Mac is not made for gaming .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
I use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP , well , I 'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone !
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work .
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
Startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
It 's great and we will always stick with Apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
And , if you are going to deal with HP be careful .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
Have one myself and Love it !
Otherwise , I love it !
It 's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small .
It was definelty a smart move .
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
I had never owned a Mac before ;
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
I honestly love my mac , thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict .
The new os is great on my macbook pro !
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also !
And it 's so quiet that I do n't hear it at all .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
Customization on mac is impossible .
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot .
*** The review below is no longer relevant , Apple has fixed the issue .
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
at first !
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
By week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though I did not use it too much .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
I 'm going to buy a logitevh c270 .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
It works great and I am so happy I bought it .
Boots up fast and runs great !
I would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run MS Office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , I 'd highly recommend checking this out .
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
I have loved this since i took it out of the box .
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
I also made a recovery USB stick .
The built quality is really good , I was so Happy and excited about this Product .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it .
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems .
It out performs any other laptop on the market today .
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
You just get a trial version either way .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
I had to pay $ 100 for a universal charger for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
It is amazing .
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games ( WoW ) to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
We both recently got new laptops .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500GB instead of 320GB ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
I will never purchase a HP again ever .
I did contact HP and share how unhappy I am .
So in late March , early April 2009 I was without it again for a couple weeks while I had online courses I had to complete and my fiance was in Afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had .
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
you will not regret it , promise you !
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc , is not hard at all .
Luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the Mac Mini is priced just right .
System is running great .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
It 's very annoying .
Bottom line , if you can afford it , get a Mac !
company provides UPS shipping , fast , great !
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections I turn on should work .
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
It is a bit heavy .
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy .
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
You may need to special order a bag .
The system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
Not sure on Windows 8 .
By the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
Very satisfied .
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase .
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
I love the Apple products .
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it .
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
I can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
But if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
Very nice so far .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
Graphics are much improved .
This one has had the same effect .
I am definitely sold , and not going back to PCs for home use !
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
Also , it hardly ever crashes .
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
its by far faster and more stable then my PC .
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it .
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased .
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
This laptop does everything I need it to very well .
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK !
Finally , I could n't take it anymore and ordered my Apple .
I first purchased this Dell model " 1764 " on April 6 , 201
It was over rated !
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
Nothing about it that i do n't love , apple always makes a great product .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
After years of using PCs , a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
Also , macbooks come with much more features which are so cool !
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
It is as good as new .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted , but I did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload .
I am an Info Sys major in college , so I started researching this issue on my own .
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products .
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone .
It s heavy for Mac book but is good .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
So , if you 're thinking of a laptop , I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook for all your needs !
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
So do n't get it .
* IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP , THIS IS NOT IT !
- Stay away from Apple , or hope you laptop does not break down .
I 've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer .
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple .
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service , on my Eee PC I get 3 bars .
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7 .
Far superior to my MacBook .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU ( similar to the $ 799 Mini ) , with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card ( this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
I am ADDICTED to photo booth !
I 'm pleased .
I do n't really have a complaint .
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid .
I will NEVER buy ( Refurbished ) again , I do n't cae how cheap it is .
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus .....
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
It 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook .
iTunes is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an iPod .
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
The driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
I would Highly recommend this MacBook .
It turned out it 's not really a problem to have a Mac .
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and USB devices are recognized almost instantly .
It gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
The OS is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a PC , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS !
Speakers does n't sound that great .
The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price , but totally worth it for a good piece of mind .
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
The delivery was fast , and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
I wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so I was directed to a nice looking HP Laptop .
Better stick with another brand .
This comes in very handy for me as an educator .
When I turned it on , nothing .
Though you get a polite person , you often don t get a solution .
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
Well , I started using Google Chrome , which is a little better , but it freezes too sometimes .
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad .
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6 " .
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
The only thing I do n't understand is that the resolution of the screen is n't high enough for some pages , such as Yahoo!Mail .
If you have to ask you do n't own a Mac and your just not in the know .
The quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
Ive had to call tech support many times .
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
Unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
Either way I 'm furious .
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
Quick and has built in virus control .
The games included are very good games .
Awesome graphics !
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook , just was n't sure which one .
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
So , I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
Thank you so much for the great item .
Wonderful zooming .
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
The battery life is excellent - 6-7 hours without charging .
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
Considering another computer should be out of the question
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
Seems to me that 's the best way to get Apple 's attention .
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
I did add a SSD drive and memory
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product .
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
It 's a good fix , in my opinion .
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig ( you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase : Build Quality - Seriously , you ca n't beat a unibody construction .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
Highly recommend for daily use .
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
Time will tell .
This one still has the CD slot .
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
This Mac Mini makes the Macbook Pro seem slow .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which I miss on my Apple laptops .
I do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and I 'll never buy another one because I 've put more into it then it is worth .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
For the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
It 's face and depanable .
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
I loved it .
Apple hit a home run here .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
returned it to walmart .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
In short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing Rover your dog ) .
This device has met my expectations and I 'm sure it will meet yours .
Which it did not have , only 3 USB 2 ports .
We were PC users .
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
I am so addict to this laptop .
Games being the main issue .
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
It is very slim , the track pad is very much impressed with me .
Let me start with the good : So awesome .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to " FM " as opposed to the default " CD .
I 'm pretty sure it 's not newegg 's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop .
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop .
So you might ask , what did Apple do for me ?
I pondered very long over this decision .
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
My children wo n't even use it for their school work .
Every time I log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through .
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
I 'll wait and save up for a new one .
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past .
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT .
System is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
Works well , and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS .
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
Everything about this computer is easy to use .
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the LCD ) .
I use it mostly for content creation ( Audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
If that is the case , then I am completely happy
I have had many , many issues with PC 's in the past and I 'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution !
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
I 'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
They do n't crash .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
I love it so much .
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC 's .
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
It did not have all the features I expected it to have .
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone , then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
I 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
I 've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009 .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
It is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier , and I 'm glad that I did it .
It 's super fast and a great value for the price !
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5 .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
The display is beyond horrible .
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
The internet speed is spectacular .
Added an iMac about 2 years later .
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using .
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
It is held in place magnetically .
The device speaks about it self .
The baterry is very longer .
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me , I only had a problem once or twice with it , But probably my computer was a bit defective .
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now .
This machine was a horrible experience .
What can I say , It 's an Apple .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
This was the second computer and brand bought that day .
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small , portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so .
Looking online , many people are having the same problem .
I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal !
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER -------- LOU
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
This computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it .
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
I will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
All in all , I 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with HP as a whole .
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
Because it IS a defective product .
It is super fast , and always loads .
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems .
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend .
Fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
Then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
What I 'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory .
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
apple and quess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
for 2 months .
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
You wo n't be disappointed .
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops .
Now , the next issue I had freaked me out .
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen .
Great overall .
Stay away from HP .
Money and time well spent !
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
Sound card is limited though .
Everything is so easy to use , Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software .
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006 .
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile .
Definitely worth spending the money on it .
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
And inconvenient !
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
He 's thrilled with his new laptop .
One , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned .
Just for a stupid CD .
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer !
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine .
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
However the frozen screens kept happening .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
It 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb .
It 's fast at loading the internet .
I ca n't say enough good for it !
Now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
Be safe buy a Sony .
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install , but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu .
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products .
Bigger HD , better graphics card , and a bid HD .
I had my IWORKS , Itunes , Email , MS Office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
Summary : They played games with me for the warranty period .
Adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
I am loving the fast performance also .
They refuse .
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions , this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer .
It took so much time .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro , this thing holds its own .
I would recommend this product .
Actually , I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC .
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
This computer is the ideal college companion .
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
Keyboard is reasonable size .
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment .
Yes , he is a self professed " Mac snob .
I was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong .
just chill and enjoy .
the speed is fine .
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
( Beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
Not too much " junk " software to remove .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
I love the keyboard .
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini .
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing .
Of course , eMachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
Honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
Never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
I will not be using that slot again .
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
Came fully loaded - good .
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
Again , I sent it off to Acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
It came in brand new and works perfectly .
I love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
It 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
The performance is awesome .
Toshiba is a great brand , even though I have n't had it for a long time , I am very happy with it !
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs .
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
Best money I ever spent .
I love my macbook pro !
It was always getting froze up .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
It works great for general internet use , Microsoft Office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
HUGE Apple MAC Fan !
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
That was a big mistake .
* 6th week * - They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
Many people complain about the new OS , and it 's urgent for Apple to fix it asap !
The problems started with just the screen freezing .
Not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
Looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS .
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video , so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
Best commuter I have ever owned .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $ 150 plus .
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races .
The advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
The battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer  .
I was n't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money !
Its pretty much fire it up and go .
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors !!!!
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to ( CS5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
- When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them , I tried to call .
This is a great value for the money .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
I bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
I do not like too much Windows 8 .
Very powerful especially for the money .
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
It is really thick around the battery .
There is nothing better .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
I thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
Very good quality and well made .
bought notebook 07/2009 .
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
I 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it ( that 's about how long the port seems to last ) .
and if u did .
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini .
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse .
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2 .0 hrs when not plugged in .
There is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
I burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so I can place it there .
Bottom line , I doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008 .
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
I will never buy anything from HP again !
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
Overall , it 's ok .
I have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
The only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but I expected that .
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
So I got another netbook which I love !
It 's so useable and responsive .
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was .
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s .
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused .
Replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
It 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... In resume : it 's a Mac !
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac .
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
High price tag , however .
It does n't bother me though .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
i 'm returning mine
Windows 7 Starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
Am very glad I bought it , great netbook , low price .
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
He LEFT ME , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
I ca n't even turn it off .
My computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
I also own an HP notebook and it does n't even come close .
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time .
I re-seated the " WLAN " card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
I had to return it because it would n't even start .
it is really expensive though .
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program .
After 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
Even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
Could n't have asked for more !
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba , purchased specifially for attending online schooling .
I love everything about this computer .
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
Overall a nice computer .
It 's fast , light , and simple to use .
This is what I call a good after sales service .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
Images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
After doing CAD work all day at work , using a higher end PC , I could n't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer .
Sorry Toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
Two times with in one month .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
There are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
Very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
not something you want to miss out on !!!
The OS is great .
They 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though I will upgrade this and the ram . . )
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
If you buy , pray you dont have major prolems .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
this one , in my opinion , might be a lemon !
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
another problem .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
The acer one compuer is a great computer .
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty .
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they FINALLY agreed to replace it , ( ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS !
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
I Love my new computer !
but after i got used to it i love it .
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made .
But the mountain lion is just too slow .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so I sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid ( I have tried both Motorola and HTC ) plugged into the USB port .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
Apple " Help " is a mixed bag .
It has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
What a mistake !
Even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one , but IMO NO STARS
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
Then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
been a PC user for many , many years .
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
The keyboard is too slick .
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home .
And if you are switching from a pc I hilghy sugest this one .
Do you ever think HP would do that ? NEVER !
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
First off , I really do like my MBP ... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
Also is portable and reliable .
Overall for the money this is a good deal .
I love everything about it .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
No Viruses !
If so , you may be having similar problems .
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
So , buyers beware !
2 months later , the battery went .
dell is a decently made pc .
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset " - Inquired status of repair .
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems , as well .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
I 'm going back to PC .
That 's a huge difference .
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac .
You 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
Other than that I do n't have one complaint in the world !
One of them seems to have worked .
IT IS TRASH !
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and I have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
The one thing that Apple does right is computers .
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good .
Its everything mac offers .
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was .
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09 .
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
I do transcription work on the side , and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well .
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 10
It doesnt work worth a damn .
Oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
It 's all a bit magical .
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family .
It seems to be incompatible with everything else .
He has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great .
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
Despite the plethora of problems , I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure .
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ( " Ivy Bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection .
$ 999.00 Tax free .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
More relieved than anything .
I complain again ...
What a waste .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
The port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you ca n't see the plug at all , it 's just gone .
I find it not to be very user friendly .
Nice packing .
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro .
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
I ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
No complaints for an Apple product .
, Applications respond immediately ( not like the tired MS applications ) .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
Now , as easy as it is to use , and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop .
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
I saw this one , and I have the most difficult time trying to use them , they 've made great dust collectors , I hate putting this computer down
This is perfect for her field .
I ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key .
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
It 's now all commodity hardware .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7 , what about us Vista users ? They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system .
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO !
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper .
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
Before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
As it turns out , I just did n't know any better .
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
The computer was delivered as promised .
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
- Apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
This laptop is insane !!!
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player .
If it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a Friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
So not having my laptop was discouraging .
This ai n't it .
I love this 13 " Mac white unibody .
All my devises  talk  to each other .
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
But I did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC .
its sad because their commercials are great .
Gave phonenumber .
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
Peformance is good for the price .
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
Good luck .
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
I 'm just really happy that I waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
Seems a much more economical way to get into Apple than their other computers .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that ar n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access .
If you get a lemon ( I have two thirds of my Macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
Maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
VERY disappointing :
Instead of taking another chance on Toshiba , I went with an Asus G73JH-x3 .
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
Well , I bought this laptop a month or two ago .
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
I should have kept my big , old HP .
The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro Model # MD101LL/A .
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac .
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowlede .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
But I was wrong .
big mistake !
It really is very light compared to other computers .
The battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
Apple care included .
For this purpose , it 's great .
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
Not even safe mode boots .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
I 've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
I made the right decision .
However , it did not have any scratches , ZERO battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
You will fall in love with it in no time .
Nothing bad to say about it .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com .
Dells are ok , HPs are n't that good , but Macs or Fantastic .
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
It is super easy to use .
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I 'm really happy with the move .
but it has a major design flaw .
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
Simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues .
When the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
luckly i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked .
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
But with A WAY Bigger Screen , and IS able to connect to an HDMI .
After purchasing this thing , I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
I was starting to boil .
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE .
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop .
This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
Sorry , newegg .
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
This machine rocks !
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed .
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
The difference is phenomenal .
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from PC ;
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser .
With awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
This is my first computer purchase
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
Yes , the MBP is more expensive than competing PC laptops .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be .
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person !
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
It crashes , and when it goes flat , it just DIES ( like a PC , maybe worse ) and I loose all my open documents !
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
Hieroglyphics are quite common .
First things first , Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad .
Keyboard responds well to presses .
Will not buy another Toshiba , this is my second , not happy w / either .
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both !
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
Hopefully my replacement is brand new .
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem .
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair .
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
Yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in use .
Good computer and fast .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back .
If you need an affordable , entry-level laptop , this will fit the bill .
- Bluetooth ( 2.1 ) , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic/Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 ( for me ) on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
Received the product promptly and without any issues .
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7 .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
They do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
HP did n't fix it .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
Do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
The settings are not user-friendly either .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
I had less problems .
The screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
The flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
It was at my door in less than 24 hours .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
I like it !
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition .
I have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
The bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as I am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before I bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as I am used to a bigger one and pounding .
What can I say .
I was WRONG !
Overall this laptop is great .
It ca n't get any better .
Note , however , that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection .
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
Its still going .
C'mon , LG .
- Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
It 's color is even cool .
Screen is bright and gorgeous .
But not in this case .
You just can not beat the functionality of an Apple device .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
If someone called me an Apple Fanboy ... it would make sense .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
THEN , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
All the above aside this machine ROCKS !
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
Built-in apps are purely amazing .
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash .
Then I 've fixed the DC jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
of course my warranty runs out next month .
Going to bring it to service today .
Being only 2 months old , I am not a happy camper !
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
Other Thoughts : Do not purchase this product .
Dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
But then , something goes wrong .
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse .
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
All of them were Windows machines .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse .
I called back to ensure that received it , they had .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
You better believe my next computer will be a MAC !
The only downfall is the volume control .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie !
Ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
This is by far thee best , most reliable computer I could find .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
The display is awesome .
its more like a snail crawl .
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
Runs smooth and quick .
It is the best all around Mac .
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses .
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
I have not have any problems .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work .
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
It is so great , I can Hardly ever take my hands off it !
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , I just didnt really wan na spend the money but Im glad that I did .
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
I have owned it only two months !
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it would n't have ANY problems .
Pretty disappointed about this product .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
He came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is .
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27 " iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
Great things come in small " packages .
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them " de-bugged " .
It is everything that I would want in a computer .
I previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( If I am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
The computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
I did a review on it , its awesome .
If you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you 're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I 've never used a computer that performs better .
I babyed the heck out of it and i still do .
LOVE IT I 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
The feature are good enough for what I need .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
Why not 5 stars ?
I was said it 's videocard .
- Managed to send complaint email .
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
10/10 five stars would recommend .
They replaced it and so far so good .
Searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
Did n't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
Buyers beware .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
Thinking about returning it
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13 " RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered ( to me .
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife .
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
I really like the Mac 15.4 in . Notebook , but its very pricey .
Premium price for the OS more than anything else .
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
Small and light weight .
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident ( long story ) .
It works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
Otherwise , all other features are a 1
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
I ca n't imagine EVER buying a PC again !
Enough said .
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
Everything is falling apart internally and externally .
I should have sent it back to them then .
I 'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro !
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
It is fast and easy to use .
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
I just hope this expensive laptop does n't go dead like my friends ... it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust .
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I 'm doing now !
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too !
A scratch on a $ 1,500 MacBook is unforgivable .
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one .
the two of us use it regularly .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
If anything , I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
Amazing Quality !
Long story , but after many calls to various offices , I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
When I got it , I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
Honestly , I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the Smithsonian ) After on Hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
Apparently they 're not special anymore .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
I am very happy with this laptop .
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
The pictures are clear as can be .
The computer is a dream come true .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
I 'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you 's .
Looked at HP , ASUS , Acer , Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked .
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
So needless to day , I 'm not happy .
I just got this laptop for college , and so far I am very happy with it .
Great product .
I will be patient for few months .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
Do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
No hassle and no complaints .
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
And it is impossible to get them back in .
I am still in the process of learning about its features .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
I took the laptop home and not even a month later , I began to have problems with it .
Well , maybe more like week one .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the Macbook Pro .
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC .
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
It 's shiny and it 's pretty .
There 's literally no way to make it sing with Vista .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " Buy " and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
I wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
i try to use it today and I ca n't logon .
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 " Mountain Lion " .
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
This is the third in a series of MacBooks starting with a Black MacBook .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
It was quite easy .
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone .
Highly recommended !
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for .
It lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if I fired it up today , it would work .
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
" This is n't a big deal , I have n't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media , only through USB output .
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
They are closed at 9pm eastern .
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
They say it could be the motherboard again , but Dell
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
he ca n't stand it .
I am very Happy !
The Macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( I have the 13.3 " model ) , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
Never been hacked .
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
Only a few days after I received the computer back , the screen froze again .
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
Asked the customer service rep.
I wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
And this is n't just my one experine .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
Who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
My Macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
the battery is irreplaceable .
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student , so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
If you have much higher expectations than that ... I would look elsewhere .
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products .
The only thing I miss are the " Home/End " type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long .
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what I know now , I would not buy it at that price .
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I 've ever put my hands on .
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66 GHz 15 " Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
So far , a great product .
i cant believe HP put this out .
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful , well worth it .
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
I was always against them but now I buying one I 'll never go back to PC .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
Also kinda loud when the fan was running .
I recommend the Macbook Pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple .
It is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs ( 4 ) , and a driver/application DVD .
They gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
But for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
It is BLAZING fast !
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
They 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
( 3DMARK6 score is only 8500 ) .
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications .
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
It 's the mid 2012 version .
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
Great Performance and Quality .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
The battery life was shorter than expected .
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
Then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
they will not let you down .
I love its solid build , light wt and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
It would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
I bought this Macbook Pro from Best Buy under a year ago to replace my old Macbook Air .
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere .
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
Buyer Beware .
This computer was awful !
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
I would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
ive never had a problem with it !
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas .
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
That system is fixed .
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
I like iTunes , the apparent security , the Mini form factor , all the nice graphics stuff .
Beta had better quality , but VHS became the industry standard .
The last new mac I bought was in 1998 .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? So , I said I wanted a new set .
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
Yes , a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
They are simpler to use .
I was waiting for this model to be released since January , and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out .
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
In my house , HP is a nasty word .
No installation disk ( DVD ) is included .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
The ultimate graduation gift .
Its a pretty decent computer .
So far so good with this laptop .
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
It is just slow slow slow .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
also it is light weight compared to others .
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
I 've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it 's all about .
It is not even a year old yet , so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free .
! Excelent performance , usability , presentation and time response .
I 'm glad I bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port , HDMI , ethernet and 3 USB ports .
This is definitely a computer worth the money ;
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
This computer was awful , I would never recomend it to another person .
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased .
So glad I have gone this route !!
He did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
I think that they are the best out on the market .
my information was all lost ( my fault , I know , but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac , the paragon of all computers !
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues !
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great .
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive .
They ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months !
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro ..... always !
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent .
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs , but he thinks it is worth every penny .
After that the said it was under warranty .
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC ( a Sony Vaio ) , but it was basically no better than my old PC , so I returned it .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product ( my five year old Compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
In summary , take your money elsewhere .
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
Finally decided to try a MAC because there were too many choices of which PC 's to buy and EVERYONE who had a MAC said " buy a MAC " .
I saved about $ 100 plus tax ordering on Amazon and since I have prime , it arrived overnight for just $ 3.99 more .
also the battery is completely shot .
I am very satisfied with the mini .
I Hate it !
It is easy to use , good quality and good price .
We 'll save our money to replace it with a Mac again !
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
I HATE this one .
working with Mac is so much easier , so many cool features .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Such as PAGES , NUMBERS , and so on .
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
PDF files can be viewed instantly .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
can never go wrong with apple products .
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
The minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
I like the laptop overall .
Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
But I needed a laptop for school use .
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII .
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
It is the best laptop ever !!!
I have been a PC user since middle school , but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side , or should I say the brighter side of life .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
I thought it would be a simple job .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
Easy to set up and go !
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
They were great in handling this problem , and I 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops , it is worth the price .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding .
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
I highly recommend this product !
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
After doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " MBP i5 .
I love this little one .
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
NO good .
It could n't have been a better decision .
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007 .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
I am taking back today .
We now own two of these , identical .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET FOR .
I had the same reasons as most PC users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
Much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me .
lots of preloaded software .
But the Macbook is the best !
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC !!
I love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
Also , the battery does not last very long at all .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
Exactly that , users .
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
Out of all the laptops I have owned , this is by far the best !
It is better than my old acer laptop .
I love the glass touchpad .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
All the yada-yada .
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up !
GREAT INVESTMENT !
I should have been more observant .
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life AMAZING .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
They told me to reprogram the computer , and I did n't need to do that , and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her life .
It will make life so much easier next semester , just wish I had it last semester !!
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
If a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
I have recently converted back to a mac and I could n't be happier !
I am a full Mac convert now .
Before I got my macbook , I owned a Dell laptop .
I bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around .
They really screwed the pooch on this one .
It was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
The configuration is perfect for my needs .
Does exactly what I bought it 4 .
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier .
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM .
Avoid this model .
I loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows OS ) until this started happening .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 1000
Winters is on it 's way and I imagine it will be cozy .
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
It 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for Microsoft office .
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
I am just amazed .
It quit working within a weeks time .
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
Fine if you have a touch screen .
Where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
So glad I decided to upgrade !
Honestly , I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for !
I would recommend not buying this product .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
But until now , no complains at all .
I have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba .
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time !
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
It can not save the correct date and time I set .
And it did n't show up on the reciept , I do n't know how we ordered it online !
It 's solid .
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product .
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
And in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
I 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
i love to use it it is esay and light .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
GET THIS MACHINE
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
It has worked fine .
Take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
User friendly , fast and high tech It is amazing !
" For one , I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop !
We love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
Set up was easy .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
The 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
But you must get the 15 inch .
Set up was a breeze .
For the same price , you get a lot more in the Asus .... 1920x1080 res .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
Cons : Screen resolution .
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
They are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it , I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
My last laptop was a 17 " ASUS gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago .
Battery life needs more life .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
The book is useless .
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
On 3 July 2004 , I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $ 150
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too !
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video .
( No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
Love the speed , especially !
All-in-all , I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before .
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
this is starting off good .
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and I would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
I had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my State 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy !
I 'm very happy with this machine !
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly .
I have no problems yet on my mac so far , and hope it stays like that .
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it .
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user , meaning I average about three " tabs " .
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
I was ready to take it back for a refund , but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
I did not like my acer .
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
We carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the LCD just " slide " downwards .
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop .
Still have n't solved this .
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
Being a PC user my whole life ....
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
I would buy this lap top over and over again !
I love the quick start up .
There is no HDMI receptacle , nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device .
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
It 's a nice little gadget .
This is my first apple laptop .
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old .
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made .
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived .
Solution : it turned out to be pretty simple .
The PhotoBooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
:) Great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
I purchased my first Mac and am glad I did .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase !
In the three years I 've had my MacBook Pro , I have never had a virus on my computer , and I do a lot of work on the internet .
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
It 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
This was absolutely annoying !
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
Whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows ( or Winblows , as I like ot call it ) .
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop !
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
I will not buy another one .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
Needs constant repair .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it !
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook , I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros .
Heck , if I had enough ' money , I would but it as a gift for someone .
After looking at all the pros and cons , I decided on the Macbook Pro .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs .
Do n't buy this model .
Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there 's nothing like a Mac .
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
The # 1 reason that is always repeated .
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
But , I would recommend this product .
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop .
They don t translate from a Mac , even on Word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours .
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
Very small and portable I 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It 's better than expected .
- Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam .
I practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
Deal of the year .
It is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student .
Keyboard could use some trimming .
Simply amazing computer !!
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem .
I also liked the glass screen .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
However , the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
All you get is a box and a computer .
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I 'm happy I switched .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
To this day , there are NONE .
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
Strengths : Well-shaped Weaknesses : A bad videocard !
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista .
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop .
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC When I first got this computer , it really rocked .
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
Enough said .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
That 's how frustrating it was .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
Hopefully Amazon will take this back .
I might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
Quietest laptop I have ever owned .
It did everything we expected !
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless .
At first when I got this product , I loved it .
I ' have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support .
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
For those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
I did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
After paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
Yeah , it 's super expensive .
It WORKS !
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
While many people brag about Mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC , but once I got the hang of it , I do n't want to go back .
When considering a Mac , look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag .
Really great ... Well let me start at the beginning .
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
Kind of annoying , but I still love the laptop .
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba .
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
Acer wo n't replace the laptop .
I like the operating system .
I love it !
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
It feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8 .
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
This is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
It has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs ( Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc ) !
Either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
The notebook would not turn back on again .
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
Nice screen , keyboard works great !
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped .
Comes with iMovie ;
Went silently .
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
Thank you for your great product !
Then only FOUR months later , my great MacBook pro FAILED .
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that Apple started it all .
BUT there 's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows .
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
Besides the great look , it is a great machine .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764 .
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
I went from BestBuy to Dell , Windows to Apple .
I also bought one for my wife , and 3 for my office .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
Maybe not the cutting edge ( Satellite L455D ) but it is a workhorse .
" > iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
I expected so as it 's an Apple product , but I was glad to see my expectations exceeded , this is THE laptop to buy right now .
The " Time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
I had a MacBook Notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive .
I like this machine because its very lightweight ...
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market .
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it .
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
Graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
It works really well .
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops , the Macbooks are worth the dough .
Theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate , and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one .
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
First , you ll discover that the word processing program known as Appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I ca n't imagine ever going back .
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing .
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication , HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note .
I 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
You can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish .
Besides being elegant , the MacBooks are durable .
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare .
I went with him and we picked this one .
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
Other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
All for such a great price .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING .
I have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
? I am only interested in the 15.4 McBook Pro Model # MD103LL/A
So it was only about 2 weeks ago .
Now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
The speakers could have been better but it was n't a deal breaker ... this is a great little laptop ... love it !
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
I have used PC 's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
I went right out and purchased another laptop .
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
I sit down and use my husband 's work PC and I do n't like it one bit .
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
My HP is very heavy .
Yes , I have it on the highest available setting .
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
As a user of a PC , I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself " Getting the job done quicker .
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
I did n't like one thing about it .
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
Posted Nov 8 , 2010 - Two weeks ago I bought this notebook .
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well !
It may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
Well , maybe I was just very unlucky .
Buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac .
This is not Best Buy 's fault .
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
I hate it .
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been .
I am very happy with my first Mac .
I should have bought one a long time ago .
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME !
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I 've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb , 201
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
Runs real quick .
It did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
It just works flawlessly !
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
( I definatly ca n't ) .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS !!!
What 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
I took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009 .
Do n't get me wrong , I am no Microsoft hater , I 've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine .
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
Also , I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL .
Now for the hardware problems .
I would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that is n't good at all .
HP said I had done the damage .
I like the lighted screen at night .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
I never have had a good result with this computer .
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time .
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine !
It was fast , and it was " different " .
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything .
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , I find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
Performance is much much better on the Pro , especially if you install an SSD on it .
defective software .
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
The ease of set up was terrific .
Stay away from Envy .
I can do pretty much 75 % of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
Apple is living up to its name with the mini and , for our needs , it 's perfect .
I had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer .
Also , you wo n't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus .
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
The only thing that I have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
Registration/1st use is easy .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
I am a freelance graphic artist .
Do your research on this issue .
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes .
Enjoy your sitdown
returned it .
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting .
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
The nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
UPDATE : Two years after buying this laptop , I am now the proud owner of a lemon .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
At least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
Finally , I purchased a Toshiba .
We are addicted to the Mac .
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk .... this is in an un-air conditioned room ..... in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
It is a REAL touchpad , not the toy I saw in other brands .
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
Taking it anywhere was a pain !
May be better for the occasional web surfer .
Note that I do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one .
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east .
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would .
it was a tough choice .
It is so simple to use , I use it more than my desktop .
There is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
Amazing machine .
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
BAck she goes !
I 've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
I 'm going back to DELL .
I like the brightness and adjustments .
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it !
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
Overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
The criticism has waned , and now I 'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing .
Also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " Star Wars " saga .
The battery life is great .
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare , I 'd buy the Pro line though , the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model .
Unfortunately , the laptop I purchased was also a Dell and again , I have to say i hated it .
Summary : Dont buy HP .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
It is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
No problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like I will have to as well .
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade !
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
Thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what I mean .
Again .
Love it .
There has been no problem with anything .
It 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
I am so happy to have purchased this computer .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
Very fast boot up and shut down .
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed .
So you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
It 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why I bought it in the first place .
I do n't have any technical pearls to share .
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
And Toshiba is a quality supplier .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
That defeated the whole point of a laptop .
thanks for great service and shipping !
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook !
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it .
Great battery , speed , display .
I have an iPhone , and iPad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini .
Will certainly use MacConnection again .
Dismantle the whole thing ? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
Then it ceased charging at all .
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
HP said it was out of warranty .
The best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
the mouse is way way way to sensitve .
i had to return it for a replacement .
5 ) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
Worse , for the price I could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $ 250 loss .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba , too .
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
Chatting with Acer support , I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
Even out of warranty !
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
The price is 200 dollars down .
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion .
Without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists ( a vice of which I am recently myself reformed ) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs ' at this point .
I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
The Toshiba Mini Notebook , Model NB 305-N410BL , is a great little computer .
Basic computer .
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
- Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
I would suggest this product to anyone .
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
4 ) Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
That is my only complaint !
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
The computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
Fast , great visual !
Very happy with my purchase .
The machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
This thing is a lemon .
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
My bag just got a little lighter .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
Still not bad for 220.00 .
You know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
But , like I said before , the only reason I do n't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
might have to buy one for me now , since I use it all the time .
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista , yet I know Vista is n't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista ( I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system ) .
The specs are pretty good too .
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
It does n't heat up like my old laptop .
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
Vista is a nightmare .
Get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
But to be honest , I do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
I ca n't honestly say I was heartbroken .
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
I ordered four D620 laptops .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8 .
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I 've used .
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
After the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
This mac does come with an extender cable and I 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
Now they are believers in the product .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
I 've tried going back to XL but there still problems .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
All I can say is W-O-W .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Visited MacHouse Amsterdam .
Summary : I 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
go for it !
I highly recommend that you buy this product .
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
I can see why the have soooo much money .
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue .
Delivery was early too .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 ( in PC enabled with USB3 ) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone , but this Netbook was a very poor computer .
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
After they found no other way , they told me to courier it to them ( since they do n't allow the use of the post office ) at my expense , and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it would n't be covered .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
All was well .
Good price .
For me , five stars is not enough .
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
The only time I have restarted is during system updates .
Originally bought it for my wife .
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO !
I LOVE IT !
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the MBPs .
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
Now , I guess , I 'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
Plus stylish .
I would never buy a Dell again .
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop .
From the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
People know what they are talking about and they have pride in the product that they are selling .
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
It does n't have a lot of frills , but I did n't need any , and being able to buy what I needed , and not more than I needed was very important .
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 " MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 " ( Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
Good laptop for the money .
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
The battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation .
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC !
I took it back for a full refund .
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
It was an all around waste of money for me .
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town .
Memory is upgradable .
on the bright side at least I was n't without my laptop for long this time !
I enjoy having apple products .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
Again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba !
Like the price and operation .
But in fact it is totally the opposite .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it 's better than ever .
User upgradeable RAM and HDD .
It 's outstanding too .
I can not be happier with the service or product .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
I respond that I do not have the old computer ...
It has everything you need to get the job done .
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try .
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
This machine is flawless , fast , and classy .
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous .
IT WANT TAKE IT , IT KEEP SAYING ERROR .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
Its a dog plain and simple .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
Not easy to carry .
My husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( I prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the brightness .
I love the form factor .
The machine itself is alright .
Took a while to clean it up to my specs .
ASUS said my net-book was working properly .
I 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
Fits all my personal needs .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously .
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM .
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class .
I love the 15 " MacBook Pro .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ 2
I realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
In addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
I 've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts .
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
It makes a great gift .
Handles all my basic media needs easily .
My smart phone is faster !
So I called , AGAIN .
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac .
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer I got ( that WAS worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the Docking port .
Good luck with your purchase options .
- Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
Three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating .
But I 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
This machine is A-mazing .
I think that was a great decision to buy
No viruses .
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
Probbly the worst decision we ever made !
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine .
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
This thing sucks !
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
got another 1 , and same issue .
Few viruses to catch ;
This little netboook is helping me get work done !
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
So happy with this purchase , I just wish it came with Microsoft Word .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
Does everything I need it to , has a wonderful battery life and I could n't be happier .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
But I was completely wrong , this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use .
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection .
Theres also iDVD , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports .
This was a gift for my grand son .
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , TOPS !
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the Mac OS ) and the range is poor .
My son said it popped up and he clicked update .
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
Great value , fast delivery - Computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon did n't have it yet .
Again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz ) .
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it .
From the get-go , the M6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
I hate to say this , but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back , then I would .
Price and purpose is awesome !
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin !
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
Other Thoughts : I love newegg , I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
They have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
This a starter notebook .
Files as well would become lost , deleted or corrupted .
I 'm pretty sure when I bought it , my bank account went ' ouch !
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April .
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
My only disappointment with the 13 " model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life ( of about 2 more hours ) .
My house is now 100 % Macbook .
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about .
Everything else just install and go .
Runs Hot I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product .
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
I 'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
It completely supports my home business and personal life .
This was around three years , maybe four years ago .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
I think this computer is super lame .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
Overall it 's an amazing product , 5 stars !
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
Not a scratch or mark on it .
Very happy .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
Its worth every Penny .
For some odd reasons the computer does n't reconize the operation system .
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased .
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
It Was a great deal after all .
It 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
There were small problems with Mac office .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
My wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
After 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning .
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
I am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
Turns out this is a common problem .
That 's quite a bump up from the $ 599 that this little guy sells for , which leaves me to my next point .
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what I 've done .
The keyboard is top notch .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
Maybe it 's Acer , maybe it 's MSFT .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
Soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
Web access through the 3G network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING .
Well , they do n't care a bunch .
The macbook pro is really responsive .
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
The touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
But I do NOT like Win8 .
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time .
It 's annoying very much and I wo n't ever buy any Acer products .
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf !
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100 % OF THE TIME .
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
It came before the day it supposed to which is great .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design .
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
I was very excited because this was my first personal computer and I was purchasing it with my OWN money I had recieved from graduation presents .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
They are not .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
great battery life .
Do n't waste your money !
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
No big deal .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
So far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the HP I replaced .
But reasons we chose this Apple computer .
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
I could n't be more pleased .
Needless to say , the leap from that to this has been amazing and ( aside from the financial reasons ) I am astounded that I had n't made the switch sooner .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
Even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
I 've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates .
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact , and I am certainly glad I did .
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore , Apple does n't even offer it anymore !
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC .
So , I went back .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
This is a great little computer for the price .
I have a lapdesk which I can use , but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
I also got the added bonus of a 30 " HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
Then the hard drive failed ;
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business .
Small and still VERY powerful .
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
I also purchased Office Max 's " Max Assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
I just plug this into my 22 " Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
2 . The wireless card is low quality .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
WiFi capability , disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
I love this computer .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value .
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
This machine delivers .
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded .
Excellent speed for processing data .
Boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
If you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room .
I was considering buying the Air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
I finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
It is SO much fun to play with .
They also use two totally different operating systems .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
I just bought the new MacBook Pro , the 13 " model , and I ca n't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
I have used a couple of others on the job as well .
It 's ok but does n't have a disk drive which I did n't know until after I bought it .
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the Mac .
Perfect -- thanks so .
I was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
Wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
I am a college student and it has been very useful .
Let 's just get this out of the way , I love Apple !
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble .
Unfortunately , it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
I 've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye 'd the computer when I took it out of my bag .
i can use it for all of my needs .
So , you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item .
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
Everything was so easy .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily .
I 've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
it might be something deep within Windows , for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet .
The Apple will run Internet Explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
I 'm now trying to decide on another Dell model .
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 " Imacs .
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
I guess he was the technical person .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
This mac is great !
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
It still serves me well both in business and home needs .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
Most of them were either too big , too noisy and too slow after 2 years .
Its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are GREAT !
At $ 1899 to start , this is no cheap machine .
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro , it is clean and organized , which I always strive to be myself .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
One bad thing is it gets hot .
I 'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for .
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
I want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
I 'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
I 've almost have bought every generation of MacMinis since 2005 , and this one has n't let me down .
Thanks , MacConnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
So far , so good !
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
I would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
Minis make sense for a lot of people .
I wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
The battery is really long .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
I 'm done with WinDoze computers .
