Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The food was very good , but not very thai .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
I go twice a month !
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
We were less than impressed .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
This is my fourth try over a two year period , and I 'm done .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
Both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
Service was prompt and courteous .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
Great food , great decor , great service .
Really cool stauff inside .
Great staff .
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
Filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
So , again , give it a try .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
Its located in greenewich village .
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
The food was good overall .
He always says , I do n't have customers .
Great wine , great food .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit .
Only complaint is the pricing -- I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
Not worth the prices .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
It is simply amazing .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
skip dessert .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
Try the tandoori salmon !
One of my Fav spots in the city .
I love this place !
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
Without the wait or attitude , I would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
You guys are awesome !
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
The pizza was really good .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation ( if possible )
Prices are in line .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
great eats , good times .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Really , I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
The comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
moral stay away .
They 're terrific !!
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
Too many other good places to have to settle .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Their coffee is quite good too !
None of that yucky whipped stuff .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
The food is great .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
When we arrived at 6:00 PM , the restaurant was practically empty .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
I 've been to Sotto Voce several time , and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
go to any corned indian restaurant , and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme !
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
Very good wine choices .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
Great find in the West Village !
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
On a recent Saturday night , I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar .
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
All I can say is WOW !
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
Very , very nice
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
Sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside .
Try the cheesecake !
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
I do n't get it either .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
We were less than impressed .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
What you are paying for is the environment and the name .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
The appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Anyway , this is the last time I cross the williamsburg .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
I 'll be back for sure .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
Also very inexpensive .
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino , I keep coming back .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
Get the tuna of gari .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
There are other people waiting !
Pricey , but worth a try , at least once .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
Now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
The location is perfect .
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Food is great and inexpensive .
My party had the BBE $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
Have to tell you : Not at all impressed .
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
I heartily recommend .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
The service is awful .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
I would highly recommend it .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
This is a true gem of the village .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
Each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
This place is great .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
The only downside ... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
What ?
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
Overall , worht every penny .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
I have n't been to the other locations .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early .
Tends to turn people away .
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
Prices are in line .
I 've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never , ever dissapointed me .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
The sushi was awful !
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO !
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
Starters : Kobe Beef Sashimi .
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
Best In ALL of NYC
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
A hearty two thumbs up !
Love their drink menu .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
Went there for an office lunch .
This was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
This place has been around for a few years .
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here , Peasant has been our favorite !
Was surprisingly disappointed .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
Interior was so so .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
keep up the good work .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
I can not recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
Did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
But that is highly forgivable .
For $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
The appetizers are also delicious !
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
I highly recommend it .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
The place was quiet and delightful .
I generally like this place .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
It 's really a takeaway place , I would n't sit if I could take it home .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
We were then shooed inside .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
but overall i give it a 10
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
Decent wine selection too .
The restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone , but they were out of it that day .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .
I absolutely love this place !!!
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
What more could you want ?
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great .
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
But they do .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
The service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
Service was very friendly .
How is this palce still open ?
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the " free " appetizer of olives was disappointing .
It was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
Loved it
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
Murray wo n't do it .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
You can not go wrong with this place .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Good Experience
The hostess said " Wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which I replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
Was there Friday night .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
Romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
If you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what Rao 's is all about .
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
Based on a visit a month ago , I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed .
This food is asian-air fusion .
I love this place more and more everytime i go .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
SO GOOD
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
I care more about the food and ambience .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
I will be returning .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
They also do a great job for restaurant week .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
Definately check it out !!!
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
But , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
Thank You Emilio .
And you 're hungry a few hours later .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
Very good service and very good prices .
But too far east !
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
But the service is HORRID !
It 's just O.K. pizza .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
It was raining , and we figured why not ?
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
I have never had cheescake like this .
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
So , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , I would say try it .
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Everything is delicious , though , my gf and I come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
would NOT go back .
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street , of course .
The food is great .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
I wish they had one near my office - I would go everyday .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently .
bad staff
great taste
I had the best ravioli ever .
This is the best thing in Soho .
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
I recommend it !
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
They are by far the BEST past in New York .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
the homemade Guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
This place has the best pizza .
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
Recommendations , of course , are required !
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
But I 'd go back
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Great neighborhood joint .
His response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
The food was good .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room !!!
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
food was luke warm .
You 'll adore it .
Keep up the good work guys !
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
Also they were $ 15 each !
My friend is 100 % right in the experience we had .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
The fried calamari was even better !
The service is awful -- the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
This establishment is the real deal .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
I 've been here twice now .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
I have never had anything like it !
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
The food was great .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
Will not be back .
This place was the worst .
The prices are not terrible .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
People are always friendly .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
The pizza is good though .
I will not be coming here at 3am again .
Will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in LA . .
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Now at the top of our list , Del Frisco 's Steakhouse .
Definitely something to come down and check out .
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
Check it out .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
The flavors robust and subtle .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
The food tasted very good .
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE .
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
Have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
Service is average .
Such a disappointment ...
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
Bay Terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
Taxan delicious !
I was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
Great service , great food .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
No , really .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
It was a very nice surprise .
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more !
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
Go girls !!!
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring ) .
No apologies during restaurant week .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
Service was also very good .
Do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
but the service was a bit slow .
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
I have been to Mary 's many times and I like it .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
Much more reasonably priced too !
Entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
Again , if you are in this neighborhood - by all means , come here .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
The menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious .
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef .
But now that it 's under new ownership and has been renovated , it looks great .
But , they were too big for the bun .
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
I 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( I live on UWS ) .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
The only drawback is that it 's a little pricey .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
It is thick and slightly soggy .
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day ' give it a try . '
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
The service was dreadfully slow ( the place was only half full ) and a smile would have been nice ...
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
I loved this place !!
This was one of the BEST restaurants I 've ever been to .
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side .
Boy was I wrong !
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
In any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York !
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
But trust me it is so worth it .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ...
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
Just an odd group .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
Lives up to the hype
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Dessert was also to die for !
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
There are many french bistros in the midtown area , and I wholheartedly recommend this one .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
The pizza was great .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
Great food at reasonable prices .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
It 's a steal !
hmmm .
Not because you are " The Four Seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
the food is always fresh ...
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
You will find everything about Trio to your liking !
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
You have to increase the service a lot .
The floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city .
It was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food ( from appetizers to entrees ) was delectable .
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
Keep up the good work guys !
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
Our food was great too !
The service is pretty good .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
we love th pink pony .
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
All the food was hot tasty .
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
But they do .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
The Thai food is good .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
Satisfying .
This place is to be avoided .
I plan on eating here more often .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
And the food was fantastic .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
I know because I live nearby .
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she " had a BBQ to go to " that night - WTF ??
What an amazing meal and experience !
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
I do n't get it either .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
It 's a great find in Astoria .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
Our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
That place was awesome , , , sally !
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
However , it 's not worth a special trip .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Very different than regular dimsum places .
Yes , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper .
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
And amazingly cheap .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
My entire family was horrified .
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
I HATE HATE HATE this place .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
Come on .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
It is so romantic .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
It ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
The hostess was very pleasant .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
Overpriced and not tasty
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
Get the tuna of gari .
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
Fantastic !
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
I 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
But on a lazy Saturday night , we ended up going .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
This is the first time Citysearch did ' t call it right .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you !
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
A wonderful place !
Way below average
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
Try green curry with vegetables .
Also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
Be aware .
I go twice a month !
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
Believe me , they live up to the name .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
Patsy 's Pizza = true love
Do n't waste money on decor .
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
they live up to the thai way of living .
A defitely must visit .
But the meals were terrible .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
Taxan delicious !
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
The place was nice and calm .
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
No plans to return anytime soon .
Amazing !
They are the best bagels I 've had .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Fantastic !
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
All in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
At first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
This place is incredibly tiny .
So rude !!!
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
Probably would not go again ...
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
The dim sum however was very good .
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
It was good , but none of the flavors WOW .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
I do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
The service is excellent and always informative without an air .
The place was nice and calm .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy 's Bronx , or for that matter , Jimmy 's Uptown , again .
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Take a good sense of humor , an American express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME !!!!
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
Since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
The food is excellent !
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Good drink .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
I had roast chicken and a salad .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
When we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
A guaranteeed delight !
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
The ceiling is amazing !
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
Great sake !
This is the first place I 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
Remind me of home .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
All the staff is absolutely professional !!
We 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
Went there for a special celebration .
Acceptable prices .
Nice find .
We were charged full price .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
I would highly recommend this place !
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
it helps if you know what to order .
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
Definitely will be back !
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
Bon appettite !!
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
We will be back .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
The chicken dinner was real good .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
I never had anything I did n't like here .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
The wine the service was very good too .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
Besides , we were on vacation !
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
less wait time for me !
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
It 's the kind of place I like to support !
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .
The steak melted in my mouth .
But $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include Wine ?
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
It 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
Best things to order are from the grill ( Churrasco and Ribs ) .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
No thanks !!!
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
Feels like family when we go there .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
ALWAYS full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to Rockefeller Center ) .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
And really large portions .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
This place is not worth the prices .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
I liked the beer selection !
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
I did n't go there for food so I ca n't comment .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
PERFECT FOR DATES !
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
And it was quick which is very important .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
I showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
A pleasant surprise .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
get over it !
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
The design is very intimate and romantic .
We all ordered different entrees so we could share .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .
After that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
Ciao Bella
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
You 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
highly recommended .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
Love Pizza 33 . .
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
This is also where I was from .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
The service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
Before the place did n't call my attention .
So close , but not good enough .
Ca n't wait to go back .
Great vibe , lots of people .
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
Service was on par but not wonderful .
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
It was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll .
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Best Indian Chinese in the city , by far !
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
go here for the drinks !
A must try !
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
They were dry , stale and pretty flavorless .
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
Love it .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best I 've eaten so far .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
We left , never to return .
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
I loved it and will be back soon .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
You should pass on the calamari .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
Enjoy !
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
I 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
Dug the blue bar area too .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
I 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
The food is delicious .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
LOL
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
I 'll keep this short .
Great , original taste .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Everything on the menu is great .
Every course was better than the next .
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores .
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
I have to say the place was awesome .
but the food was delicious .
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it !
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
Excellent experience .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
We will definitely go back .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
awesome
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
This place is so much fun .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
I really liked this place .
I had the best ravioli ever .
Always great service !
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Molto bene !
It is thick and slightly soggy .
Sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know Sal , is to know New York .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
It was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-I 've had better for less elsewhere !
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
Recommended .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
I look forward to eating here again
But too far east !
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
I would not recommend this place to anyone .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
The food now is inconsistent .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
Go here .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
Jimmy is Dominican !
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
Go for the Seafood Paella for two .
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy .
The service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
I do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I ’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
it is not consistent .
Check out the secret back room .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
I am going to the mid town location next .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
Oh right , I should probably say something nice .
I agree .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
The soup is pretty good too .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
Check out the secret back room .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Favorite Sushi in NYC
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Jimmy is Dominican !
The pastas were pretty good .
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
great experience overall .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
One less manhattanite the better .
I would go back .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
Beautiful experience .
The wine the service was very good too .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
I 'd call it an ' italian dinner ' .
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
We love it , and took buses and cabs to get there .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
I 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
Quick and friendly service .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
I hate this .
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
Great deal !
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A.
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love .
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks ...
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
Good for dates or with friends .
Dumbfoundingly Poor
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place .
Terrible experience .
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
Are you freaking kidding me ?
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
Wretched and retching
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Do n't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review .
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
Bill a little high , but worth it .
However , I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
For Park avenue I expected so much more .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
If you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
People are always friendly .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
my favorite place lol
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
Do n't go there !
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
Overall a worthwhile experience .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
Highly recommend it !
The bagels are fabulous .
Drinks way over priced .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
The service was attentive .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
Vanison was good but not amazing .
I ca n't wait to go back .
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
We order a bit of everything on the menu .
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
All pretty good .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
i dont how this place is still running .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
We had a good time .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ?
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Best . Sushi . Ever .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
A con was the slow bar service .
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
Stay with the roasted chickens and you 'll be fine .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
You will be very happy with the experience .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Reliable , Fresh Sushi
service was efficient courteous .
I 'll keep this short .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
We were very disappointed .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
The service was ok .
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it !
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
Got a date ? Go here !
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka !
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . )
The buffet had a nice selection .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
Impressed ...
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
Plenty of choices to make your own creation .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
but overall i give it a 10
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
I was on jury duty , rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
Went last Thursday .
This is probably one of my new favorite places .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
At 6:30 , we were the third party there .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
I was at Rao 's last Wed .
Good Food
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night .
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
Delicious crab cakes too .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
Way too much money for such a terrible meal .
Unbelievable .
Great staff .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
Fantastic place .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
I absolutely suggest this place .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
Would definitely go back again .
Since I cook for a living , I 'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants .
You wo n't find that anywhere in Manhattan .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
All in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
Result ( red velvet ) : Great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Planet Thai is great !
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
The prices were fantastic .
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
This is , by far , my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often !
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
I do not recommend .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
What a hassle !
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
All in all , I do n't see how you can go wrong .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$ $ this is the place to be !!
We were very pleasantly surprised .
We will be back .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
If you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
Prices are very good .
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
Overall , not worth the money .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
Sexy .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
The location is perfect .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
Finally !
The atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
I only have friends .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
Not terrible , but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 .
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Food and service was okay .
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years .
So rude .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square , which is a shame since I do n't love this area .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
They are FAST .
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
Restaurant with a view
The ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
We paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
I 'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good .
We left after one drink .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
The food was good too .
I would highly recommend it .
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
Over priced , overrated .... stay away !
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
So , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
Gross food – Wow -
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
I have never had cheescake like this .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
Food was okay , nothing great .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
It hits the spot every time
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
The atmosphere is great !!!
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
This place ... god where do i begin .
Sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
great neighbhorhood spot .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , I do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
I will be going back very soon .
Highly recommended !
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
This place is average ... at best .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
Everything a NY pizza joint should be .
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
I think the meatball parm is good .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
My friends and I go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
There 's candlelight and music .
We would return to this place again !
The wine list is also really nice .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
We were n't !
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
They charge different prices all the time .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA , but few out here .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
Love YUKA .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
Maybe it 's that most of Dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but I can not recommend Dumont .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
it 's delicious !
My friends and I showed up on a Sat .
Stay away
Every time I visit NYC , I come here .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
Probably would not go again ...
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
The waiter was attentive .
This was on a Tuesday night .
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness .
Everyone must come here at least once .
it helps if you know what to order .
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
More Williamsburg Garbage
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The wine list is excellent .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
I went there with a few friends and will return .
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again !!
AMAZING MY FAVORITE !!!
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
It could have been handled better .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
The place was quiet and delightful .
We were pleasantly greeted .
We always enjoy the pizza .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
If you like Sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try Yokocho .
This was a great surprise .
Delivery is fast too .
Go hungry and enjoy .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
After reading the great reviews , I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
Good food .
I love this place
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
Try the homemade breads .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
I mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
The $ 72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
GO HERE .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
If you do n't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
You can not go wrong with this place .
It was delicious and large !
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
Great survice
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
keep up the good work .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
Good food .
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
Zero ambiance to boot .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
perfect for a quick meal .
It first came well done , and I politely sent it back .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
No free drink .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
skip dessert .
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
It 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
I definitely would n't go back .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
Service was quick .
I would highly recommend .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
I highly recommend this restaurant !!
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
It 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
I live on the street this place is on .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
Amma is nothing special .
I ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
Good food .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
We will come back !!!
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
for Meetball Night .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
The design of the space is good .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
I absolutely Loved this place .
However , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
So close , but not good enough .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope ( and NY in general )
I 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , I was in your upstrairs dining area .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
It is terrific , as is the value .
Went for a late weekday lunch .
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
OK , I 've been to Dumont a few times now .
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
We will definitely go back .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
You ca n't go wrong here .
Excellent food for great prices
Highly recommended to all !
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
JUST AWSOME .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Service - friendly and attentive .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
The service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
This place is a great bargain .
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
If you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
I 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
This place survives on reputation alone .
The price very reasonable .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
I was highly disappointed by their service and food .
This place has the best sushi in the city .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
I 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and I always enjoy myself .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
David , Daytona Beach , FL
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
Being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz 's Deli .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
There were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect English .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL .
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
Yes , I ate the food , but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating , and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown .
From the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
Great pizza for lunch place .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
Please save yourself the frustration .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
Between my guest and I , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
Will absolutely visit again .
However , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Wonderful at holiday time .
Pizza here is consistently good .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
The menu has so many fish items and oysters .
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
If you ' re in New York , you do not want to miss this place .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
You will not be disapointed at all .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
Its worth the wait though .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
If you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
Well ... they can run but they ca n't hide .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
I 've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
And that 's no mean feat ...
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
Enjoy !!!
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
The food arrived in about 15 minutes .
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... Hanx
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
The food was very well prepared .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Service was also very good .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
The waitress was not attentive at all .
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
I 'm telling you ...
Thank You Emilio .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
The sushi is amazing !!!
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
fine dining restaurant quality .
I 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
The best !
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
Look elsewhere .
Not impressed with the food .
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
Good , fast service .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Decor leaves something to be desired .
They have some great entrees here as well .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
Secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
the bestt !
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Ciao Bella
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe .
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than Roth 's we are always disappointed .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
One caveat : Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
The food is great , I love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Killer Sushi !
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
menu - uneventful , small .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
I was pleasantly suprised .
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
But the coconut rice was good .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
It was wonderful .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
We went there , no one greeted us .
supercilious scorn is in .
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
Get there before 7pm .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
Bravo , Blue Hill !
MMmmm ... it was delicious .
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
They used shredded cheese on top !
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
Never got an explanation as to what was going on .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
What more could you want ?
They all know you .
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
If that 's a problem , go to McDonald 's and destroy your insides .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
Unfortunately , we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
We left , never to return .
I do n't think I would go again .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
Never fails to please .
Inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
10
Brava La Pizza Fresca !
After reading the posts , I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow , despite living in Park Slope .
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
Highly recommended .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
I for one will never patronize them again .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
The guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
Great service , great food .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
This place was reccomended to me by a friend .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
Staff is very accomodating .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
I went with JWILS .
That 's good and bad .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
I was a little leary about Mary 's at first - it 's small , crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I 'm glad I finally tried it .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again , I will certainly stop by .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Place is open till late , no dress code .
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
Will not be back .
Best Chinese on the Upper East , prompt delivery , good value .
Though it 's been crowded most times I 've gone here , Bark always delivers on their food .
Bring your appetites .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
An excellent service
Also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( I tried them ALL ) .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
It 's to die for !
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .
After we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of Brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
The staff is very good .
Two words : Free wine .
It 's like you are transported to the Italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
Do n't go with a larger group than 4 !
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
In about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
Nice view of river and NYC .
Delivery is fast too .
So eat fast and order a lot .
I 've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I 've never been disappointed .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Murray wo n't do it .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
love the food .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant .
delicious .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
It does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
This place is a great bargain .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
I was so stunned , and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
If it is n't for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
this place is amazingly bad .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
Great sushi experience .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Very good wine choices .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
I heard the lobster roll was excellent .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
I 'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much .
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .
Try green curry with vegetables .
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
The food is great , service is ok .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
The food was good .
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
They have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
Everytime I go there I ca n't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat .
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
This restaurant is such a great place .
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
really depends on your luck !
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
No thanks !!!
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
Menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
The fried rice is amazing here .
I was n't impressed and it was n't SPICEY ????
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
Good luck getting a table .
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
It is not worth for that bucks .
Go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
Very good value
The place just is n't ready for prime time .
Food was decent , but not great .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
Not worth it .
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
Ca n't wait to go back .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
I was speechless by the horrible food .
I was n't here for the pizza so I ca n't comment on that yet but what I had was very good .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
Kudos to Po !
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
Anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
The burger was great , also .
Good for dates or with friends .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but I did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you NAME it .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
How can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
Fish was overdone .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
The food was authentic .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
Would NEVER go back there .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people .
We had Lava Cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it !
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
Food-awesome .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
Overall , not worth the money .
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
Finally , after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be .
Everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
I started going to dosa hut more after that .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
The food is great and authentic .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
What more can you ask for ?
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
The flavors robust and subtle .
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
Horrible experience - stay away !
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
Went inside and I started to get excited .
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
The bagel was huge .
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL ( OR BAD SERVICE ) @ PIGALLE .
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
Would not return for the amount we paid .
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
They treat me like family , morning and night .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience .
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
This place is not worth the prices .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices ...
Try the sea bass .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
Highly recommended to all !
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
She then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
Salads were fantastic .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
Great Hot Dogs !
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
It 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
I 've been several times and am totally smitten .
Fish is so very fresh .
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
great food
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap !
If you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
Save room for the desserts ! ; - )
I went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
Nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious .
The food was good too .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered , I requested a vegetarian dish .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter .
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
We loved it and will go back !
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
I loved this place !!
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Sure , the setting is nice .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
Good creative rolls !
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
Alias is warm and cozy and you do n't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton .
It just was n't Thai .
Again , no apology , no is there anything else I can get you , no can I get you a drink to make up for it , nothing !!!!
Great pizza and fantastic service .
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner , but nothing amazing .
People in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
Try the sea bass .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
This place is incredibly tiny .
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
Go hungry and enjoy .
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
i would just ask for no oil next time .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink .... . this place is not worth it ...
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
What a great place !
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
( La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico ) .
For being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
it is not consistent .
Avoid this place !
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
Big thumbs up !
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I 'm in NYC .
If this restaurant was in Manhattan , I would definitely go more often .
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
Although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
For asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
I live in the West Village and I 've been to a lot of restaurants .
Even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service I need ...
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
This was a great surprise .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at Bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
please do n't fool us .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
Old school meets New world .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
He ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES ) .
during happy hour !
Not a great place for family or general dining .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
It was divine melts in your mouth .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
Unhygienic
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
I love it .
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
What for ?
Wow .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
Everything about this place was wonderful .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone 's living room .
Give it a try and enjoy .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
You will not be disapointed at all .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
Trust me .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
For the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants .
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE .
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
BTW , the service is very good .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all .
Hats off to the chef .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled .
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
I went there 2times .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Avoid this place !
the food - not worth the price .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
I will go back to Suan soon !
Will never be back .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
but the service was a bit slow .
Poor service and management
SUM IT : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
I ca n't wait for the nex time .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Beautiful experience .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
its alright
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Their sake martini is wonderful .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
I loved it .
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
The food was exceptional .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
We 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
Finally !
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
Nothing special about this place .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
How do you rate home ?
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
Great vibe , lots of people .
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
It 's traditional , simple italian food .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Eat at your own risk .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , Flatbush Farm is n't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
The food here was mediocre at best .
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
Ruby Foo 's is a tourist trap .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
A beef Consomme .
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
Highly recommended .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Never again !
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
The food is amazing !!!!
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
wont come back again for sure !
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
How have I never been to Agave before ?
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
The lox is always fresh too .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
It ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
Guess the 555Soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Check it out
All I can say is they are fantastic .
Great food !
I 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy 's Bronx Cafe .
I do n't think I would go again .
Decor is charming .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
We go often .
Highly recommended !
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
Not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
I think this a a wonderful place .
and there 's no way out .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I 've experienced the same with other restaurants so I do n't appreciate such practice .
Leave the kids at home !
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
It 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown Brooklyn ) .
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great .
Not worth it .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
I love it .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm .... . everything is just delicious .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
Okay service .
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
What a great place .
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
The food was actually aweful .
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
A great addition to Smith Street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
Not impressed with the food .
Dessert : pure disaster .
We thought the dessert would be better , Wrong !
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
And I hate to say this but I doubt I 'll ever go back .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
The decor is what initially got me in the door .
but I would n't wan na live there .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
There are other people waiting !
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
The whole experience was satisfying .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
My fav was the sassy lassi ...
The setting is casual and romantic .
It is simply amazing .
We arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
the food is decent .
I think locals rate this place so high .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
Guess what , I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , I wish you would have said something earlier " No apology , nothing .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day ?
Service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
We were not disappointed .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
Unique apppetizers .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
I 've been here twice now .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
I highly recommend it .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
we love th pink pony .
Love Al Di La
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
Do n’t go to this place !
The food was spicy and delicious .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
you should travel from the Bronx to try it ...
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
I was glad I did .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
Ahhh ...
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
You must try the garlic soup !
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
I 'd definitely go back again .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
I just read Mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
What more can you ask for ?
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
I definitely would n't go back .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty . hmmm .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
Great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
even the wine by the glass was good .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
The service is ok but could be better .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
I 'll be back soon .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
I can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money .
The food is great and the prices are reasonable .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
Cute and decorative .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking ) .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
I would definently recommend this restaurant .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
JUST AWSOME .
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
Ca n't wait to go back .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
It 's always quiet because it 's awful .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
you guys rock .
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
over .
But , they were too big for the bun .
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
Authentic Pakistani food .
The service was great as well .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
Have the iced tea .
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
Authentic bistro !
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
It was wonderful .
Zero ambiance to boot .
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
Stay away from this place .
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside , she recommended that we go to this restaurant .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
When she complained , the waitress said , Sorry .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
I 've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
The staff offers impeccable service .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
I definitely will go back .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
It is also extremely well priced .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
It is terrific , as is the value .
If you go here , do it on his off-night .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
The restaurant was quiet and intimate .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
I 'd definitely recommend this little place .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
One of the BEST
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
I absolutely Loved this place .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
in conclusion , THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!
Will never be back .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
We got most of it back at home with us .
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
You can do it here .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
We had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning !
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
The fried rice is really good too .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
It 's cute and simple and I loved it .
The food was exceptional .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
We were very disappointed .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
Our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
Do n't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
Just do n't do it .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
This place is so much fun .
I heartily recommend .
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
It 's convenient .
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
A big disappointment , all around .
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
Delivery service is great too .
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
I 'm from England , and Haru 's was the best I had in NYC .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
Be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
The fries are yummy .
The entree was also very good .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
Do not go to this restaurant .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
And all of that wo n't break your bank !
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
Would not recommend anyone to go .
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater .
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
This bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Probably would not go back here .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
It was wonderful .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
To top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
The food there are sastifying .
Go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
Food was average but tasty .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
Was there Friday night .
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
We 'd go back again
Great Atmosphere
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
Skip Nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to Bark .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
The food was so-so .
Do n't go .
My girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
Prices are very good .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
Hurley 's is terrific !
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
Service is top notch .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Just go and see for yourself .
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup .
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
from an English speaking staff .
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
There was a heat problem to boot , so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats !
I will be back !
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
How do you rate home ?
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
The pizza was great .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
What a ripoff !
The staff is no nonsense .
This is n't a value joint .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
Maitre-D - " Eat and get out "
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible !
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
I was wrong .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
The sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
Is just the way it was in days gone by .
Appetizers took nearly an hour .
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane .
Would NEVER go back there .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
On the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
The wine list is also really nice .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
I could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Not cheap , but not that expensive either .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
it was a very warm experience .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
In fact there is only one I 've tried that even compares ( shabu Tatsu ) and even then I prefer Dokebi .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
Nevertheless , I finished my plate , and that 's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
The food however , is what one might expect .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
But that is highly forgivable .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
Authentic Pakistani food .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
I would definitely recommend Mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
Quite simply it 's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
Needless to say , I 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
Its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
Do n't waste your time , or money !!
Again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Salads were fantastic .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where I am not swept off my feet .
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
Always busy but fast moving .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
less wait time for me !
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
And the food is fantastic .
All in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC .
This place is Italian , not French .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
The food at this place is ' gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
The counter service is bad .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
$ 170 down the toilet ...
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Atmosphere is a bore .
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , I do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
Yeah , it 's that good .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
wont come back again for sure !
Need I say more ?
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Hats off to the chef .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
I will never visit this restaurant again .
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
Amma is nothing special .
The veal was incredible last night .
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
Best meal in a long time !
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
I have been going back again and again .
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else .
A classic !
They are amazing !
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
I got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
We all felt it was worth it .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
The place does get crowded , so I recommend going between 4-5 PM .
That place was awesome , , , sally !
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well .
The food was authentic .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
It just was n't Thai .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings .
The setting is casual and romantic .
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar .
This place has great indian chinese food .
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
Like I said , Nick and Joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy 's .
even the wine by the glass was good .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
No , really .
BUT not in a good way .
Bison was quite excellent however .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
so delicious !!!!!!
It 's no-fuss , fast and delicious .
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
You ca n't go wrong here .
Chef Waldy 's always measures up .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
Somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
I 've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants .
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect .
Fish was overdone .
It was wonderful .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
This place is always packed .
The dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
always fresh and delicious .
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
This place is a must visit !
Okay , so I never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it 's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown .
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
There is nothing more pleasant than that .
. the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
It 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
Amazing food .
Curioni 's Pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Service is usually pretty good .
Ahhh ...
It was divine melts in your mouth .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
An excellent choice in midtown .
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
Perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
The price very reasonable .
the service is prompt friendly .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
I 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant I recommend going .
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
But if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for Indian food
Did I mention the wine ?
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
You will be satisfied .
And all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
I know because I live nearby .
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
A real dissapointment .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
The frizzy retro girl ( with winged / Dame Edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list ( I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins )
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned .
but their mac cheese was YUMMY !
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
A pleasant surprise .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
The service was outstanding .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
My vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
We visit at least once a month .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
The bagel was huge .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 " with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
Horrible .
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
A nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
I have never in my life sent back food before , but I simply had to , and the waiter argued with me over this .
Perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
I went there after hearing how great it was .
I have n't been to the other locations .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year .
We were then shooed inside .
Big thumbs up !
Loved it !
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
We had a good time .
We did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
I am French and I really felt like home !!!
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
Its located in greenewich village .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Food-awesome .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
black white shakes came out good also .
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
I grew up on these bagels .
This restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat .
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
Also very inexpensive .
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
Old school meets New world .
Tasty but expensive .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
In fact , you ca n't miss it .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at ' Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
When the bill came , nothing was comped , so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine , but I did n't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
I pray it stays open forever .
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni . (
I would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
For an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
I recommend this place to everyone .
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
You 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
Great Shabu Shabu
Check this place out !
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
I love going there !
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say " I 've been to the four seasons restaurant " .
I will go back to Suan soon !
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
Maggot in the food !
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
And affordable .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
Make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Would definitely visit again .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
Alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
There is " Expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " Expensive-and-WTF " ?
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie ( that do n’t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
Amazing !
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
I do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
I ordered from here last week .
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like ' that ' couple .
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
went there last night with my coworker .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town .
After so many great reviews here , my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
Great people watching as others do the same to you .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly , but I can say this is one of the best I 've had .
Faan is sooo good .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
Also they were $ 15 each !
I ca n't wait to go back .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
I 've never been disappointed .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
Still we keep going back : )
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE !
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we 've ever had .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( I hope Mom does n't read this ! ) .
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
Came looking for this place because I heard good things .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
When you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ... especially considering the prices .
Service was prompt and courteous .
I 'm amazed we have n't been kicked out of this place yet .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
Never again !
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
If you do n't like it , I do n't know what to tell you .
I will be going back very soon .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
Will absolutely visit again .
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
Never fails to please .
Great neighborhood joint .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
The sangria 's - watered down .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being Indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
Nice value .
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
This is where the aforementioned line was .
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
The food was actually aweful .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs , so be aware .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
Great food .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
Terrible would be a compliment !
In fact , this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable .
love the food .
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
I was there on sat .
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
My Chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean , Jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
What a great place !
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
You should pass on the calamari .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
A million better places to go in the city .
Even with John 's and Joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
This place is always packed .
I will have to say , this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite .
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
Fish is so very fresh .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place ( the first being Joya ) .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly , helpful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
The sushi was awful !
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Delicious , creative and fun .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
Over price , and small portions .
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .
The pickles were great addition .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
DO N'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
For those of you who do n't know , Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese , which happens to be my favorite . )
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
Everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
fine dining restaurant quality .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
You are treated just like royality .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
My six year old loved it .
The counter service is bad .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
The caeser salad was great .
I had a great experience .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
Want to impress ?
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
Great food , great decor , great service .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
$ 500 included :
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
The place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
For a Fabulous Wedding !
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
Tasty Dog !
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
The sake ’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
Do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
Love Pizza 33 . .
Dishes denoted as " Roy 's Classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
I recomend the chicken milanese .
Food is great and inexpensive .
And it was quick which is very important .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent.I
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
