Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
I/we will never go back to this place again.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
Decor is charming.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
Get the tuna of gari.
LOL
The crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
I'm going back.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
supercilious scorn is in.
The location is perfect.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
Fantastic place.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.
I love this cozy around the way Rest.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
I am French and I really felt like home!!!
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
awesome
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
The prices were fantastic.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
Not impressed with the food.
I've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never, ever dissapointed me.
We were pleasantly surprised.
the turkey burgers are scary!
I care more about the food and ambience.
Great neighborhood joint.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
GO HERE.
I am going to the mid town location next.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
Did I mention the wine?
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.
The food is good.
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
The food was boring and expensive.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.
I'm going back.
I'll keep this short.
During our trip to NYC, we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu (offering a modified menu for $65 pp).
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
What more can you ask for?
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
I heartily recommend.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
Satisfying.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
An excellent service
I've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby (I live on UWS).
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.
Another great place to take out-of-towners!
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
People are always friendly.
Even though it is a little loud, you don't have to yell at each other to talk.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Always busy but fast moving.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
Good creative rolls!
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
I wasn't impressed and it wasn't SPICEY????
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
people are rude bit again it's new york!
You can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
We'd go back again
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
It's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
MMmmm... it was delicious.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
Yum, the chicken is great here.
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
The pizza was great.
This restaurant is such a great place.
A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
Finally!
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
For $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant.
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead, while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat.
Save room for the desserts! ;-)
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
Would definitely visit again.
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that's all the service I need...
This place is so much fun.
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
Will never be back.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
The space is traditional in feel.
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED.
cirspy crust margherita pizza
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.
Good, fast service.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
A real dissapointment.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
The food here was mediocre at best. 
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
Molto bene!
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
Not a large place, but it's cute and cozy.
I was literally going to explode, but instead, my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager.
I'll keep this short.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions.
Have the iced tea.
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
Take a good sense of humor,an American express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
Really.
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
Try the cheesecake!
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
Really though, where's the seasoning?
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
Excellent experience.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
The place does get crowded, so I recommend going between 4-5 PM.
The lunch special is an asbolute steal.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited.
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
I can understand the prices if it served better food, like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area.
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
I would go back tho.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.
It's just O.K. pizza.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
How do you rate home?
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
Too cold to enjoy.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
Also very inexpensive.
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.
When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
so delicious!!!!!!
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.
I do not recommend.
For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
I've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.
The steak melted in my mouth.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late, raucus dinner.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
Great food, great prices, great service.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
The service is fantastic.
We will definitely go back.
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
If you love seafood, you would love this place!
The food was spicy and delicious.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
The staff is unbelievably friendly, and I dream about their Saag gosht...so good.
I had the best ravioli ever.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
And these are not small, wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real, full sized patties.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
Try green curry with vegetables.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
Salads were fantastic.
Unique apppetizers.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
You won't be dissapointed.
I HATE HATE HATE this place.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
We've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price.
Highly Highly Highly recommended!
I would highly recommend.
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
I haven't been to the other locations.
For an untrendy rip-off- eat here.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
Chance is a joke.
I will not be coming here at 3am again.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
highly recommended.
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
Was there Friday night.
I went there 2times .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
The decor is nice, but more casual than fine dining.
The pickles were great addition.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
Unfortunately, we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
We weren't!
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
We will go back every time we are in the City.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
The service was attentive.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Just stick with the small dishes!
Don't expect to sit down inside though, there are only a few tables and they are always full.
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.
From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
We'll definitly be back again!
We had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!
The fries are yummy.
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
Everyone is welcomed in as family.
Molto bene!
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
I absolutely Loved this place.
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
it's delicious!
There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
I am completely hooked on this place, it is ridiculous.
Love Al Di La
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
Not worth it.
No thanks!!!
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
I am a die hard peep lover.
It's to die for!
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.
Will never be back.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
Went here on a friend's reccomendation.
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
The service was very attentive and very generous.
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic...
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.
And it was quick which is very important.
Great survice
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
Check out the secret back room.
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
Great Indian food
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
There are other people waiting!
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
Celebrated my fathers birthday here.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
Hopefully next time, I will save room for dessert.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
Its located in greenewich village.
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
It is simply amazing.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
I loved this place!!
Highly recommend it!
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
Just go and see for yourself.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now, its official !
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Atmosphere is a bore.
Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!
Fantastic!
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
Before the place didn't call my attention.
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
Big and gawky on the outside.
There's candlelight and music.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
Read all the other review, they'll confirm it.
I grew up on these bagels.
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
Not pretentious and very economical.
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt.
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
Zero ambiance to boot.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you, brother?
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
The ambience is very calm and quiet.
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
We go often for lunch and the place is packed.
We'd go back again
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
Much more reasonably priced too!
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
My fav was the sassy lassi...
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
Here's to the fake fish tanks too...
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.
Went there for an office lunch.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
wont come back again for sure!
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced.
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
It is terrific, as is the value.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
Dessert was also to die for!
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
THe perfect spot.
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they're eaten.
We left after one drink.
Although somewhat loud, the noise was minimally intrusive.
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
Although small, it has beautiful ambience, excellent food (the catfish is delicious - if ya don't mind it a lil salty) and attentive service.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
A must try!
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
Went to Village last night for my birthday.
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
We will be back.
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size.
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
Service is excellent, no wait, and you get a lot for the price.
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent.
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
Stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).
The food--though mostly deep-fried--is simple and satisfying.
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
Odd for Ave B, not just odd, The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least.
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
So close, but not good enough.
Go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
it is not consistent.
I come here enjoy very much with husband.
Can't wait to go back.
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
The food is good, I can't lie.
we love th pink pony.
Perhaps it was an off night, but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating.
Everything about this place was wonderful.
--Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.
But that is highly forgivable.
The chicken dinner was real good.
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.
We were not disappointed.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
This place is always packed.
Unbelievable.
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters.
Dessert: pure disaster.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
Why?
Oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
Good food.
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
It was wonderful.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
I go twice a month!
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
Stay away
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
I've never ordered anything else from their menu...there's no need to.
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni. (
Authentic Pakistani food.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow, barely there space for its quick, tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices.
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
Some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy's.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
I have to say the place was awesome.
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
Be careful, when they say spicy, they mean it!
So rude!!!
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
The menu, which changes seasonally, shows both regional and international influences.
Not worth the prices.
If you ware looking for Korean fusion, I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village.
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).
The food was so-so.
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise.
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside.
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine's dinner.
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
The buffet had a nice selection.
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
This is the Cheers of New York, whether you've ever been there or not.
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years.
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
really depends on your luck!
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at 'Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip.
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
I think the meatball parm is good.
The food was authentic.
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac!
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
Has the chef and owner changed???
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
I am going to the mid town location next.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
This is where the aforementioned line was.
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious.
This place has great indian chinese food.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.
The place was nice and calm.
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
Do not go to this restaurant.
Tables are close, so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons.
I liked the beer selection!
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
I really liked this place.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
The staff is very friendly.
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
It could have been handled better.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
But dinner here is never disappointing, even if the prices are a bit over the top.
The staff is no nonsense.
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
We were on our way back to NJ, and since I am in NY, we figured why not grab some food?
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
I noted it was crossed off on the bill.
This establishment is the real deal. 
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
Well...they can run but they can't hide.
There are other people waiting!
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.
not only is the food
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
We visit at least once a month.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
Go here.
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
Great sake!
They outshine HH.
I often go there to eat with my family.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
My friends and I showed up on a Sat.
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it.
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
The food tasted very good.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.
A guaranteeed delight!
The food is delicious.
For those of you who don't know, Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese, which happens to be my favorite.) 
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes.
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
One of the BEST
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
I will be going back very soon.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped, but it has old school charm.
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
Great find in the West Village!
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
Great find!!!
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
Less = More in their case.
What an amazing meal and experience!
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
For Park avenue I expected so much more.
This is a real gem of a place.
The food was wonderful and imaginative.
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!
I will definetly be going back.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
It is LOUD, HOT and DARK.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers, and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
Avoid at all costs.
I absolutely suggest this place.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.
This restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
If you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
The food really isn't very good and the service is terrible.
it helps if you know what to order.
I tried a couple other dishes but wasn't too impressed.
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Katz's deli is a great NY experience.
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.
I was pleasantly suprised.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
hmmm.
THe perfect spot.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.
Old school meets New world.
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
I will definetly be going back.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
Service not the friendliest to our "large party"! 
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
In fact, you can't miss it.
Food was average but tasty.
Great neighborhood joint.
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in NYC.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...
Buon appetito!
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
I sometimes see the waiters don't have enough knowledge of their dishes.
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
And really large portions.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.
skip dessert.
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
The waiter was attentive.
Food was okay, nothing great.
There were no communications issues either, as she spoke perfect English.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
The design is very intimate and romantic.
I loved it and would go again.
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
The room is a little plain, but it's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go.
This is also where I was from.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
The atmosphere was great.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)
Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
this place... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
Slow service, but when you're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20, who really notices?
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!
And the food is fantastic.
Avoid this place!
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.
Very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
I have been going back again and again.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
I've been several times and am totally smitten.
Perhaps.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
A one women show!
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
The food was good too.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
The buffet had a nice selection.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
Worth a visit.
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
The pizza is good though.
It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.
And where does Patis go wrong; no where. 
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
The staff is courteous and friendly.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.
Raymond the bartender rocks!
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, I have never experienced more incompetency.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
Food is great and inexpensive.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
Acceptable prices.
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
My six year old loved it.
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!
I highly recommend it.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
Very good service and very good prices.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
Waiters are slow but sweet.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.
Will not be back.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs, so be aware.
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
What's the difference between the two?
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
It was delish and I didn't feel bad eating it.
Its good to go there for drinks if you don't want to get drunk because you'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.
The food is great and authentic.
Will not be back.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
The location is perfect.
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well, lots of fresh veggies.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
The staff is no nonsense.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
Expensive
There are no negatives to speak of.
But trust me it is so worth it.
But the coconut rice was good.
I will go back to Suan soon!
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
Would NEVER go back there.
Don't eat here unless you're starving for thai food and you work next door.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
Fine, I wont hang you for that.
It's a steal!
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
SO SO SO SO SO good!
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
Casablanca servces delicious falafel, tabouleh, humus and other Mediterranean delights, which are all very inexpensive.
I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.
Tasty but expensive.
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.
The fried rice is amazing here.
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
We were less than impressed.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
I heartily recommend.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!
No plans to return anytime soon.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome.
You can't go wrong with this place.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
highly recommended.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
Never again!
I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.
No plans to return anytime soon.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.
We've always gotten amazing service and we love the food.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
Not one to jump to complaints (hence my lack of previous online reviewing), I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations.
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
Get it together.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
This place is a great stop for great food.
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
Overall, not worth the money.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
The place is beautiful!
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
Sure, everyone's got their favorite, but to know Sal, is to know New York.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Great Atmosphere
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.
Try it!
Again, if you are in this neighborhood - by all means, come here.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.
Food is excellent.
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. 
keep up the good work.
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
Was there Friday night.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
The staff offers impeccable service.
What a ripoff!
This place started off a little iffy, but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC (and I'm indian, so I should know).
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
This isn't your corner Chinese food takeout.
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
I hate this.
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
The hostess said "Wow that's a large group, unless you aren't together", to which I replied "no we are, and there will be one more, so a table for six please." 
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House.
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
So eat fast and order a lot.
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.
The service we experienced was friendly and good.
Our food was great too!
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
I have been going back again and again.
It is terrific, as is the value.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Why do people rave about the ambience.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
Cute and decorative.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
The lox is always fresh too.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
Also they were $15 each!
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
And you're hungry a few hours later.
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
I've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (I'm a daring eater but not THAT daring).
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
The food was good.
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
At the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday.
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.
What more could you want?
You will find yourself returning quite often.
It doesn't look like much on the outside, but the minute you walk inside, it's a whole other atmosphere.
The wine the service was very good too.
The wine list is excellent.
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.
The waiter was attentive.
The service is awful.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.
I'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu!
for Meetball Night.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
It just wasn't Thai.
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
We had the most wonderful waitress.
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
I've always been seated propmtly.
Came looking for this place because I heard good things.
It's cute and simple and I loved it.
This place has the best sushi in the city.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
The service is pretty good.
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
(i hang out, and live, in the neighborhood..) 
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
great experience overall.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
Boy was I wrong!
Everything on the menu is great. 
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
I love the atmorphere @ peep!
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
The pizza was really good.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
Sexy.
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
In fact there is only one I've tried that even compares (shabu Tatsu) and even then I prefer Dokebi.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
Nice place though.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
The food was exceptional.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
Loved it!
Both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.
Having discovered Ping's on the internet, we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in.
love the food.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
The counter service is bad.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good.
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.
My friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
I went with JWILS.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
from an English speaking staff.
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
You'll adore it.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.
ALWAYS full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to Rockefeller Center).
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.
I was pleasantly suprised.
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant, I decided to give it a try with two friends.
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
When she complained, the waitress said, Sorry.
Get there before 7pm.
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
Would not return for the amount we paid.
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
The setting is casual and romantic.
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
She replied "well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded." 
If you were there when it first opened, give this restaurant a second chance.
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
it was really good pizza.
The food was definitely good, but when all was said and done, I just couldn't justify it for the price (including 2 drinks, $100/person)...
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.
Patsy's Pizza = true love
It is thick and slightly soggy.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
The food there are sastifying.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you.
Wretched and retching
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
We called the other person who was very close by, and she told us to order for her, so we did. 
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
What a hassle!
Bill a little high, but worth it.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
Maggot in the food!
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
I highly recommend it.
They all know you.
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Love YUKA.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
The service was superb, they treat you like family.
Overall a worthwhile experience.
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
Wine list is not huge but def well selected.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
It is bland and nothing extrodinary.
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.
I don't get it either.
I love it.
Big thumbs up!
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
Big thumbs up!
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
We ordered our appetizers, I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon.
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
A great addition to Smith Street: finally, a place that's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
No, really.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
It's traditional, simple italian food.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
The sushi was awful!
would NOT go back.
Avoid this place!
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
Well, it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks, and then tells us to chill out.
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
the waitstaffs are nice though.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
I went here for a family birthday dinner. 
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
Now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs.
Ahhh...
This place is Italian, not French.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
More Williamsburg Garbage
Check out the secret back room.
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush, this is not the place for you.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
I've been to this monster sushi twice, the 46th st once, the 23rd st one a number of times.
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
great food
Try the sea bass.
Alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.
Stay far away from this place.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
go to any corned indian restaurant, and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme!
Love Pizza 33..
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
If that's a problem, go to McDonald's and destroy your insides.
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
Nothing special about this place.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
Having moved I truly miss this place.
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
Delivery service is great too.
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
Check this place out!
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
Come on.
Highly recommended!
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
Tasty Dog!
I love this place.
Food-awesome.
Went for a late weekday lunch.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
Not what I wanted to hear.
After we ate our appetizers (which took all of 8 minutes) we ordered another round of Brahma's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member. 
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
Would definitely go back again.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
It was wonderful.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
But the service is HORRID!
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
The place was nice and calm.
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
What more can you ask for?
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
But $1 for each small piece???
I just don't understand all the hype...
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Very good wine choices.
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
Cute and decorative.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Most importantly, it is reasonably priced.
The fried calamari was even better!
Try the ribs, sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Best meal in a long time!
We've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
Service is average.
Also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The Management was less than accomodating.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
Too many other good places to have to settle.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
have always had a great time here.
Planet Thai is great!
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
Nice value.
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.
You must try the garlic soup!
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
All I can say is WOW!
Mazing interior.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
It was $14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-I've had better for less elsewhere!
No free drink.
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
The best dessert, a chocolate and peanut butter tart, isn't particularly Hawaiian, but it's a small world when it comes to sweets.
Hats off to the chef.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.
I live in the West Village and I've been to a lot of restaurants.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
It is not worth for that bucks.
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it.
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
It's all about the food !!
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho.
Highly recommended.
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
Service is not what you are coming here for...
They are FAST.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
I only have friends.
We were pleasantly greeted.
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
You should pass on the calamari.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
The main entree was also very good.
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
I definitely wouldn't go back.
You have to increase the service a lot.
i would just ask for no oil next time.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
$170 down the toilet...
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
I trust the people at Go Sushi, it never disappoints.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
Can't wait to go back.
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.
The staff is very good.
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
The overall price tag was very very expensive, something I did expect.
Everyone I bring here always loves it.
The worst though was the taste.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
The food is great and the environment is even better.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
Excellent food for great prices
It's just good food, nothing more and that's all we want!
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute.
Wonderful at holiday time.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
Thank You Emilio.
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
Stick to the gulab jamun.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
You will be satisfied.
At 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
The only drawback is that it's a little pricey.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy's restaurants to friends, I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
The service was attentive.
A wonderful place!
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE.
Little Tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in Kennsington, honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had!
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
Every course was better than the next.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype.
You will not be missing anything.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.
The pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
Food-awesome.
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark.
The pizza was great.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
It is also extremely well priced.
Have the iced tea.
You'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.
Terrible experience.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
Also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
Yes, they're a bit more expensive then typical, but then again, so is their food.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
BUT not in a good way.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
Service was good and so was the atmosphere.
It was raining, and we figured why not?
Never fails to please.
We always enjoy the pizza.
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
Can't wait to go back.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
That's good and bad.
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar (chef Yoshi) and ordered everything ala carte.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
Killer Sushi!
perfect for a quick meal.
I highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
My entire family was horrified.
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.
Prices are in line.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town, Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played.
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
I just read Mocaramel's review and felt compelled to respond.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay. 
Need I say more?
The food was exceptional.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
I have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.
Seating is ok even though sometimes there's alot of people.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
The Thai food is good.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
The ceiling is amazing!
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter doesn't mean we should be automatically impressed.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.
JUST AWSOME.
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
This place survives on reputation alone.
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
But, they were too big for the bun.
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes (at the most) of hanging up the phone.
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
I haven't been to the other locations.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I've ever been to, has a great variety of tasty, mouth watering pizza's.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
This place is not worth the prices.
But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
I went for restaurant week.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
It is also extremely well priced.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger, made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas, carrots and other vegetables and spices.
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
Would not recommend anyone to go.
By the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
This was on a Tuesday night.
i would just ask for no oil next time.
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.
I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
Moving on.
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
The atmosphere is attractive, but a little uncomfortable.
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
It was delicious and large!
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Leave the kids at home!
I will never visit this restaurant again.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
We were then shooed inside.
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
To sum it up: Service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average Ok. 
They never came back to refill our glasses again.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.
I've been coming here regularly since it opened, about 2 years ago.
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Kudos Haru
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery, and wasn't all that impressed.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Try the green curry!!!
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
It was wonderful.
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
However, most of them are at least prompt and pleasant.
I've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food.
If you don't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House.
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
you should travel from the Bronx to try it...
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
Recommendations, of course, are required!
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
If you don't like it, I don't know what to tell you.
Vanison was good but not amazing.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
The main draw of this place is the price.
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
The family seafood entree was very good.
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.
Also, the staff is very attentive and really personable.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
Great food at reasonable prices.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
We order a bit of everything on the menu.
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
(or sister, in my case!).
Service is great, takeout is good too.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
Really cool stauff inside.
Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.
The service is ok but could be better.
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
Again, the waitress was awesome.
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.
For a Fabulous Wedding!
The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
I was at Rao's last Wed.
Don't waste your time or your money.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
despite the untasteful previous review...
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
Decor leaves something to be desired.
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant.
(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
JUST AWSOME.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
I had a great experience.
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.
I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
Got a date? Go here!
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
Don't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo.
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
They charge different prices all the time.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
It's true, you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas.
The sushi was awful!
i'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
They are amazing!
I grew up on these bagels.
food was luke warm.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.
It was good, but none of the flavors WOW.
It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
You can't go wrong with this place.
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
A classic!
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
I recommend it!
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
I wasn't here for the pizza so I can't comment on that yet but what I had was very good.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Go inside and you won't want to leave.
and never strayed.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli.
Service was prompt and courteous.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
The food is great, service is ok.
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino, I keep coming back.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
Impressed...
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
Aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, Will Smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....
Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.
I love this place!
I plan on eating here more often.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
I've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens.
That's why you have to pay more for that.
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
Everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
You'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
The food was actually aweful.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
love the food.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.
The food was good too.
I don't think I would go again.
Went with mommy (the only person who could afford taking me here).
Unbelievable.
and there's no way out.
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
The food's as good as ever.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
Run don't walk.
I have never had cheescake like this.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.
Pizza here is consistently good.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
The service is a quite slow, but friendly.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew; salads-all good; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day (they make it the way my mom does, reminds me of home a lot).
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!
I was pleasently surprised at the taste.
And the prices were way to high for what you get.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The staff is also attentive and friendly.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
I agree.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
BTW, the service is very good .
The service was pretty poor all around, the food was well below average relative to the cost, and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place.
The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
Stick to the items the place does best, brisket, ribs, wings, cajun shrimp is good, not great.
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
It's usually packed for good reason, esp.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
I've waited over one hour for food.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Somewhat pricey but what the heck.
(2) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
We had a girls' night dinner here for restaurant week.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
Don’t go to this place!
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. 
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
The food now is inconsistent.
Try the sea bass.
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
Don't look down your nose at me like that...
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
After the review I treked into Brooklyn.
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
The sangria's - watered down.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
But the staff was so horrible to us.
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy.
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
The fried rice is really good too.
I recomend the chicken milanese.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
I pray it stays open forever.
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
They are located in the middle of Chinatown!
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), I mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.
It just wasn't Thai.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
Food was decent, but not great.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Taxan delicious!
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.
Can’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
I think this a a wonderful place.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
Loved It
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!
Went there for a special celebration.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
I had my eyes on this place, promising myself I will one day 'give it a try.' 
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
And it was quick which is very important.
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
Prices are in line.
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
Always busy but fast moving.
Faan is sooo good.
(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
Great beer selection too, something like 50 beers.
Pizza was a little soggy.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
service was efficient courteous.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
Our waiter was horrible; so rude and disinterested.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
Perhaps the last reviewer (who stated she was treated with attitude) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda.
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
A hearty two thumbs up!
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
Chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
they live up to the thai way of living.
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
Great pizza for lunch place.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
Everyone must come here at least once.
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
Don't waste your time, or money!!
I had a great experience.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
But $1 for each small piece???
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
Check it out.
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
What more could you want?
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
Good drink.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
We had a very nice time.
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out.
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
Dug the blue bar area too.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
but overall i give it a 10
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early.
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
The food options rule.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout...Lamb Chops, Veal Chops, Rabbit, the potato gratin, on and on and on...
Nice for one time special occasion.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
It's to die for!
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
This place has the best Indian food in New York, hands down.
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
Great, original taste.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
It's the kind of place I like to support!
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
get over it!
Disappointing food, lousy service.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
The bread is top notch as well.
Feels like family when we go there.
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
The food was good.
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh.
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food.
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..
You are treated just like royality.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
Skip Baroanda down the street (Eurotrashy, snooty and expensive) and check this place out!
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
This place is a great bargain.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
great eats, good times.
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
Good for dates or with friends.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
We've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
This is my fourth try over a two year period, and I'm done.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.
Salads were fantastic.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
I would go back.
Just don't do it.
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
Poor service and management
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
Okay service.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Overpriced and not tasty 
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
Fish was overdone.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I'd go out in Manhattan.
but I wouldn't wanna live there.
We go often.
Prices are very good.
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
We were very disappointed.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
great hot dogs..
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).
It can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.
The design of the space is good.
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
Something about them being busy with holiday party's.
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
The prices are not terrible.
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu.
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square.
great taste
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I look forward to eating here again
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
Restaurant with a view
We loved it and will go back!
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
Such a disappointment...
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
(1) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
I for one will never patronize them again.
Great restaurant, and even greater food!
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
Is just the way it was in days gone by.
The burger was great, also.
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant, so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here.
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
Unhygienic
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
I love going there!
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
Just wish they'd expand.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
Fish was overdone.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
We had a good time.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
The soup is pretty good too.
The lox is always fresh too.
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
Delicious crab cakes too.
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
We live nearby BFC. 
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Food is great.
This place is a must visit!
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
wont come back again for sure!
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
The guac is fresh, yet lacking flavor, we like to add our fresh salsa into it.
The food is great.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
Three strikes and this restaurant is out.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
It hits the spot every time
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more.
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food.
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos.
A big disappointment, all around.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
Weekends can get crowded, but still highly recommended.
At 6:30, we were the third party there.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
The place wasn't too hard to find, but it was kind of packed, as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food, the line reached the door.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
If you want good tasting, well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you can't go wrong.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
But, they were too big for the bun.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga...
I would highly recommend this place!
Horrible experience - stay away!
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
Once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!
My family ate here last weekend.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
They have some great entrees here as well.
I absolutely love this place!!!
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai (another delicious Thai restaurant).
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
the food is always fresh ...
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
This place doesn't make any sense
Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
This place has been around for a few years.
But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
You'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...
We will be back.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
You can do it here.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us, and the food is wonderful, if not stunningly creative.
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
Thank You Emilio.
bad staff
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
I also recommend the garlic knots.
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
The food was authentic.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
It's a small cute restaurant.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
Sure, the setting is nice.
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
They are the best bagels I've had.
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
it helps if you know what to order.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.
And I've been to many NYC delis.
Since we were already waiting so long, we felt we had no other choice but to accept it.
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
It was pretty inexpensive too.
Awesome
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
The service is great (maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention), the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good...
This place is not worth the prices.
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
you guys rock.
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
Try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
I look forward to eating here again
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
Good drink.
its alright
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
Highly recommended!
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
We will come back!!!
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
Great pizza and fantastic service.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
Don't waste money on decor.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
The sushi is amazing!!! 
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth!
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
And all of that won't break your bank!
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
Service was also very good.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
their brunch menu had something for everyone.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
10
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
This place is always packed.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.
And forget what you read under me, the atmosphere isn't that bad either.
You will not be disapointed at all.
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg, and will impress whoever you bring there.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.
Look, the appetizers were really good.
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
The pastas were pretty good.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
Maybe it has improved since then?
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
Good food.
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
it's delicious!
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
Also, the chick peas with shrimp (appetizer) is divine.
Great place, great value.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it.
The atmosphere is great!!!
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
Behind this counter, two men are squeezed in.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
go here for the drinks!
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside, its so bland on the inside.
It was nice and fresh, but I can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
Went inside and I started to get excited.
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.
And everytime I go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
good food good wine that's it.
Check it out
But that is highly forgivable.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.
Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.
Staff is very accomodating.
Anyway, the owner was fake.
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
Decent wine at reasonable prices.
I don't live in NY but my best friend does.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $29/per person including sake but it is $55 per person not including sake.
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
Amazing food.
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
My husband and I had a blast.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
Without the wait or attitude, I would probably go back, but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and don't make me jump through hoops.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
so i thought why not change it up a bit.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
The pizza here is delicious.
Rosario's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence.
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy, laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint.
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
The atmosphere is warm, comfortable, artsy and sexy.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself, but may be it is worth it.
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
But I'd go back
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
I've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes.
This place is great.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
The service was outstanding.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
Being from the south, there aren't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz's Deli.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
The restaurant was quiet and intimate.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
Tiny restaurant with very fast service.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix.
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
What a difference, the service was very comforting and the food was better than average, but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
An excellent choice in midtown.
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
The prices are wonderfully low.
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
and you can't beat the prices.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
I think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
Want to impress?
I thought this place was totally overrated.
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
We left, never to return.
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
Look elsewhere.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
Taxan delicious!
Terrible would be a compliment!
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
Not impressed with the food.
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
All the food was hot tasty.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
Quick and friendly service.
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
I go here at least once every other week, particularly when it's cold!
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
I can't wait to go back.
It's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger.
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
Stay away from this place.
The prices are wonderfully low.
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
This is one of our all-time favorite.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
The wine list is excellent.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
It was a very nice surprise.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.
Service was prompt and courteous.
I wouldn't mind going back some time, but not before trying others nearby.
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
less wait time for me!
Try the homemade breads.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
And the bill was outragous.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks...  
Service was good and food is wonderful.
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
Get the tuna of gari.
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price.
People are always friendly.
The omlette for brunch is great...
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
The food is good, I can't lie.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
Highly recommended to all!
So eat fast and order a lot.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
Probably would not go again...
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Great food.
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
Probably would not go again...
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Beautiful experience.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
There is nothing more pleasant than that.
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.
The counter service is bad.
For desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
I went here in the afternoon with a friend.
I'll be back soon.
If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
Are you freaking kidding me?
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
The food was bland oily.
The fish was really,really fresh.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
Service is top notch.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
the food - not worth the price.
during happy hour!
You will be very happy with the experience.
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
The food is definitely good, but I left a bit disappointed.
We will definitely go back.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
I don't think I would go again.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
I have never had cheescake like this.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
The caeser salad was great.
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
very good breads as well.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
Food doesn't appear to be cooked on premisis but there's a high turnover so its pretty fresh.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
The spicy mussels are a highlight.
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
The restaurant is cute but not upscale.
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
Go here.
The place is clean, and if you like soul food, then this is the place to be!
It's convenient.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.
Reasonable prices.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
Will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once.
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
The service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.
Service was very friendly.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered, I requested a vegetarian dish.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
over.
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
The whole experience was satisfying.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
Food was OK.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
Don't go.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Just not good at all.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
The service is spotty, sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there.
The service was ok.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
Again, no apology, no is there anything else I can get you, no can I get you a drink to make up for it, nothing!!!!
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.
I wish I COULD be refunded!
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street, of course.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
The veal was incredible last night.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
I lived on 50th st, and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out.
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade.
Suan has challenged this loyalty.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
Drinks way over priced.
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
One less manhattanite the better.
Too bad, has a lot of potential.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
Went last Thursday.
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
Ruth, mother of the Bride
Bravo, Blue Hill!
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
i dont how this place is still running.
Jimmy is Dominican!
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
Definitely not worth the price!
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
I love this place
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
during busy hrs, i recommend that you make a reservation.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village, but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris.
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
I loved this place!!
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE.
We would return to this place again!
I went to Ruby Foo's after work with a group of 6.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
went there last night with my coworker.
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
Great burgers, grilled cheeses and french fries.
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
But they do.
Great vibe, lots of people.
We got most of it back at home with us.
Food is excellent.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
We've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
And cheap!
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
Hats off to the chef.
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
It's a great find in Astoria.
Beautiful experience.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
uni from maine vs california, sea vs freshwater eel) to get a good taste comparison.
Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.
I can't stand this dungeon.
Quick and friendly service.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
Bravissimo !!
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
Please if your thinking about it go, and stay the wait you won't be disappointed.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
The food is excellent! 
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
I read about this place in Time Out magazine.
Very good wine choices.
Give it a try and enjoy.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be.
Interior was so so.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
The bagels are fabulous.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
Service was on par but not wonderful.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
Drinks: 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $35 each.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night.
Fish is so very fresh.
I can't believe people complain about no cheese sticks?
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
Pizza was a little soggy.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
Very different than regular dimsum places.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, "oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier" No apology, nothing.
Starters: Kobe Beef Sashimi.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.
Food is great and inexpensive.
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
You can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown.
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
They charge different prices all the time.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
Try the tandoori salmon!
Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
Fish is so very fresh.
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
It's like you are transported to the Italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
The decor is what initially got me in the door.
fine dining restaurant quality.
Great wine list and great cocktail menu.
I was highly disappointed by their service and food.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
Nice find.
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone's living room.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
If you're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service, definitely visit Curry Leaf.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
All I can say is they are fantastic.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
You can't go wrong here.
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
i had a delicious shrimp creole.
We didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough. 
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.
Great Indian Food!
Bring your appetites.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
You can't go wrong here.
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
Food was OK - fish was cooked well.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
This is the best thing in Soho.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
I started going to dosa hut more after that.
enough said!
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
It's true, this place is not cheap.
Maybe tomorrow ;-)
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening. 
There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. 
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Keep up the good work guys!
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
I think locals rate this place so high.
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
This place is so much fun.
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
While the menu isn't especially groundbreaking, everything I've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty.
Yes, it is good, but I've had better for cheaper.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it!
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
delicious.
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
He always says, I don't have customers.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
We went to Ino for Valentines.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
It's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
Everything is very cheap.
Zero ambiance to boot.
So sorry I can't rate this better.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
I've been here twice now.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
I'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away...been going there on and off for a year now and it's really my fave hang out in the city.
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
I live on the street this place is on.
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
Chef Waldy's always measures up.
So rude.
However, our main course was wonderful.
Went for Mom's birthday brunch/lunch.
The food was actually aweful.
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table.
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
The food is average: breakfast food, soups, salads, sandwiches, etc.
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again, I will certainly stop by.
The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
We were charged full price.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
Delivery is fast too.
A real dissapointment.
A pleasant surprise.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
My wife and I went to Water's Edge for a romantic dinner.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
but the service was a bit slow.
Service was quick.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC, it's wonderful, and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights.
Good Experience
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
Fantastic!
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
You will not be disapointed at all.
Anyhow, we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat, which was nice.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!
I definitely will go back.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
PERFECT FOR DATES!
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho.
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
Fantastic place.
The setting is casual and romantic.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
skip dessert.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.
Remind me of home.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
We got most of it back at home with us.
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this wasn't a place we'd return to.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
We went to Ino for Valentines.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
Over price, and small portions .
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant.
Bison was quite excellent however.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
We were very disappointed.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
You are paying for the atmosphere, which is nice, but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge.
There was no ambiance.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
So, if yo really don't care who is sittingnext to you, which is about 2 inches away, I would say try it.
menu - uneventful, small.
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
I know because I live nearby.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
Service was quick.
Authentic bistro!
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend.
The dim sum here is only so-so.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.
You're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.
Staff is very accomodating.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC.
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner.
This is a twenty-something guy that doesn't mind laying down $300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions.
Horrible.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
It's always quiet because it's awful.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
The bagel was huge.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
please don't fool us.
While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
I just don't understand all the hype...
Service is fast and friendly.
we love th pink pony.
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
The avocado salad is a personal fave.
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
Always great service!
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
Unique apppetizers.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
Be aware.
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.
However, the food and service and dramatically lacking.
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far.
The food was great and the service was even better.
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
The entree was also very good.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd, but there were a few groups of mid 20's/30 year olds also.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
Finally!
fine dining restaurant quality.
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
This place is incredibly tiny.
We had tons of great food, wine, and desserts.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.
I have eaten at some of the 'best' sushi joints in NYC (Nobu, Bond Street, JewelBako, etc) and Yamato is my favorite.
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
I LOVED THE SHOWS.
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
This was a great surprise.
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier, at the same time, it doesn't really matter.
personally i say save your money.
The food is great.
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
She just nodded and walked off.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.
The food now is inconsistent.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
Great pizza for lunch place.
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.
All pretty good.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too.
I love the place.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
But they do.
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
it is not consistent.
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
good variety but nothing surprising.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
I've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
Very cozy and warm inside.....
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
They are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip.
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
I've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times, when I have been in the neighborhood.
Don't go there!
I will NEVER return.
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
What for?
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
I've had better chicken at BBQs!!!!
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.
None of that yucky whipped stuff.
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment.
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
They all know you.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
Great Hot Dogs!
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
I generally like this place.
Trust me.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
It's a small cute restaurant.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
The service was quick and friendly.
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.
It is simply amazing.
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
Nice value.
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy.
but the service was a bit slow.
Tends to turn people away.
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied.
Hurley's is terrific!
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
What's the difference between the two?
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees, including fresh seafood and huge steaks, there's also a couple of non-meat alternatives.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill...
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
I love it.
I showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
Very, very nice
The sushi is also great!
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well.
Although the restaurant itself is nice, I prefer not to go for the food.
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
They used shredded cheese on top!
Amma is nothing special.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
Jimmy is Dominican!
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.
The food was bland oily.
Our waitress wasn't mean, but not especially warm or attentive either.
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
at night, but it's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous.
and we were thouroughly disapointed.
The price very reasonable.
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
Its located in greenewich village.
One of my Fav spots in the city.
this place is amazingly bad.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
The $72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order.
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
This place is incredibly tiny.
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order. 
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
I ordered from here last week.
In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
Everything a NY pizza joint should be.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
It's all about the food !!
The food was very good, but not very thai.
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don't have to rush off to a show.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
Delivery is fast too.
Good luck getting a table.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
I have been twice to this restaurant.
Also they were $15 each!
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
Unfortunately, unless you live in the neighborhood, it's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure.
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience.
Definately check it out!!!
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
The food was good, the service prompt, and the price very reasonable. 
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.
Most importantly, food is excellent.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
This time, I prefer not to go into detail.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
Murray won't do it.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
Good, fast service.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish.
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off, like in this case.
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York.
Give it a try and enjoy.
go here for the drinks!
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
The food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
The meat dishes were only so-so.
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
Overall, worht every penny.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.
If you want to dine with large party, I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT.
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
keep up the good work.
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere.
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
this one is definintely my least favorite.
Great sushi experience.
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
I've been here twice now.
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn?
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
The hostess was very pleasant.
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards, but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT.
The place is a lot of fun.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
No, really.
SO GOOD
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
A small, outdoor eating area makes for a private, comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends.
Instead of wasting your time here: SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD.
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
We bring in a party of ten or so every week.
Ruby Foo's is a tourist trap.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
Service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
Great service, great food.
This was a great surprise.
P.S. Please don't tell anyone in my family i eat there.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
Will absolutely visit again.
Recommended.
please don't fool us.
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.
Prices are very good.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
I had roast chicken and a salad.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
There is "Expensive-but-worth-it" and there is "Expensive-and-WTF"?
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.
Other apetizers and food
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
However, it was worth the visit.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.
Great Shabu Shabu
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
Ahhh...
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
So, again, give it a try.
But if you're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary, then this is the place to go for Indian food
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
What?
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
Great food, great decor, great service.
Still we keep going back :)
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
Plenty of choices to make your own creation.
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
Yeah, it's that good.
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....
A nice find in the neighborhood.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
I will be back!
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
Definitely will be back!
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
Very good value
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet- go late and it will be packed!
black white shakes came out good also.
If you're not familiar with the cuisine, you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they don't accept credit cards.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
The food was good overall. 
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right.
It's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials.
Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
I would highly recommend.
lobster was good, nothing spectacular.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
Even when the chef is not in the house, the food and service are right on target.
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot.
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened.
Great staff.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday, we sat in the tent.
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown.
It was well worth the wait.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life.
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
the food is decent.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.