the title says it all ...
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
i have a large collection of cds and have loaded over 100 of them so far .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .
that beside you are prob. very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
so what ?
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
i have a dvd burner .
size and weight :
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem .
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
i find this to be a great feature .
hopefully you still have the remote control .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
overall i like it .
beats that sony f717 ; its archrival .
i will say this .
i have had no problems with the phone .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
but that 's a moot point now .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
i 'm not sure why people have problems with either the interface of the nomad , or the software that comes with the unit .
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .
the zen has no stop button .
now i know better .
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
that 's the first thing to understand .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
the nomad can hold any type of file , not just mp3 , so you can use it as a portable hard disk .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
however , if anyone has participated in violent or extreme sports while using their zen , please share your experiences .
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
is my unit defective ?
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
i have used this phone for two months now .
lastly , the price is fantastic :
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
i applied a $ 25 amazon gift voucher i got for christmas so i only ended up paying $ 29 for this machine .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
although they accepted that they will ship on mon - 6 jan , they still did n't ship it .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we cannot help , " or something to that effect .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
a 35mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
i agree with the positive reviews .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment !
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
zens rule .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
i have n't figured it out yet .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
the pros :
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !
did i mention i 've already dropped it once ?
the menus are very easy to navigate .
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
thumbs down on that one .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
i like the automatic key lock function .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
this is the 4 apex player that i have bought .
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .
the sound quality is very good .
this player is an ideal purchase .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
radio is awsome , but it does n't work unless you have the earpiece in .
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
then just forget about all the controls you have on the metz flash head itself and the sca 3102 control panel , because they are all ignored .
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
extremely convenient .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ).
so what 's the problem ?
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
but once in a while , i run up against it 's major flaw :
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
my first impression was positive .
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
now , for the t-mobile service :
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware that simply would n't perform .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .
what is up .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ).
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one .
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
sound quality :
this thing plays everything i feed it .
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .
reason for two ?
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
ease of use :
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
do n't buy this player .
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds !
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile !
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution .
i would recommend buying one .
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
if you are planning to buy that player , do not !
picture scrolling in b/w :
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
" check out " !
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
card reader is included .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player .
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
it does n't do you any good if a camera has all the features but you can 't access them quickly when you need them !
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
i can only hear the sound .
it is not perfect though .
but for now this will do .
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
video output stopped workin .
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
not an urgent issue , as it still works .. .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
and then it breaks .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
i tried to take a cd and simply rip it onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
personally i found the integrated digital camera of the t610 to be very nice .
it was not my first choice .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
guess where this unit is headed ?
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo .. .
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
you have to add them to the playing list .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter .
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .
before they are sold out !
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one :
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
( but as any hard drive , all of them freeze at certain points )
of all these phones the motorolla and the sony ericsson phones are the smallest .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
the upgrade went smoothly and was easy to do if you can follow directions .
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
i cannot stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can 't be used .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
truly , i am quite impressed . . ! !
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
awful , awful , awful .
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work !
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
* software is absolutely terrible :
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
if this is your fist dvd player .
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them .
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
great price .
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
this almost made it worth the price alone .
you can use the scene modes , or fine tune the options , i. you can change the iso level , shutter speed , etc.
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
very bad quality .
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
it has never worked .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
for the money , get a better quality player .
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
hope i helped !
however for me , i occasionally use the view finder and trying to frame in a picture with the lens blocking the view is too much .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
so what are you waiting for ?
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
excellent idea !
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
construction quality is a difficult item .
no difference .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
if creative offered a 12-month warranty on their mp3 players , i 'd be covered .
it only comes in 20gb ; enough for most people , not for those with large collections ripped at high sampling rates .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
overall , a good buy for the price .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
some of the more geeky ( non-apple type ) reviewers complain that the scrollwheel is annoying after a while and they resent being forced into this apple-like interface .
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
no way to contact their customer service .
my pda becames a digital album .
overall i like the unit .
the g3 looks like a work of art !
that is where my satisfaction ends .
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
no complaints there .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
photos had some artifacts and noise .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
great camera .
subsequent behavior even worse .
if these otherwise minor issues can be fixed , i would rate this a 5 star machine .
takes excellent photos .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ).
once again , the sound is awesome , the batter life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life .
apex sucks !
great camera , great investment !
you need the software to actually transfer files
flash card memory vs. hard drive ( i.e. why does a 256 mb player cost $$$...and a 40 gb ( 40,000 mb ) player only cost
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
i am bored with the silver look .
if i wasnt a runner i would take a bullet in the foot for my nomad jukebox .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
- price : see above .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital !
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
there should have been a recall on this product .
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
i had no problems following their installation instructions .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead .
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .
here 's something you have to know before you considering about buying this one .
just get some new headphones and your set .
i ordered two of these puppies for christmas gifts .
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .
the door would not close .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
the radio feature has superb sound quality .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
* sigh .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
it always pays off .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
it has 2 games .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
( batteries last longer too ! )
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
overall it is the best camera on the market .
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
i purchased and returned this product , but not because of any glaring flaws in the design .
usb 2.0 - very fast
the flash card memory is more expensive but is very light and compact .
the store clerk concluded that the blurriness may be caused by shaking the camera slightly when i press the button , which is understandable since this camera is lighter than the other two models .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
the battery life on this phone is surreal .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
i returned it once , then i sent it back , and it is crap .
consider it for a future gift too !
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
the storage capacity is great .
this is pretty cool .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
while the listing process is accurate for track names ( unlike windows ' reliance on the amg , which frequently gets track listings out of order ) , the results can be odd .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
still no response .
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
no picture :
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while .
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
a few things that might make it even better :
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register it .
i bought this product from amazon .
i am very pleased with it so far .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task .
if you 're someone who wants to put 10,000 songs on this thing you may want to encode at the lower end ( typically 128 is considered close to cd quality ).
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
would be really good if they have given an option to stop this autofocussing .
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
it ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it .
i can 't speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .
my girlfriend is paranoid when i am not around her and i just take a pic and send it to her on the spot so she can regain her sanity .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
i followed their advice but that failed , too .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
it also has unproven battery life .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
thats it .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .
cons summary :
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
do n't drop this unit :
charged my battery .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
excellent range of metering options as well .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .
the phone is very light weight .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can 't be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
i 'd look elsewhere .
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box .
typically people use 96kbs to 320 kps.
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
the prints are beautiful !
what a disappointment !
the interface used could be better designed .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
( my orignal review is below : )
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
hopefully you wo n't regret .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
night mode is clear as day .
well , not with this one .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder .. .
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac .
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
" enjoy " !
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty !
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine !
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; it just failed ) .
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .
you can read the other reviews for specs and performance opinions .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
i can 't connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
overall an excellent phone .
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
bought one for $ 49.99 .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it would n't cause problems and , in fact , it has n't .
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine .
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
it 's horrible .
no more annoying series of beeps .
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity .
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
and then you will start to belive them .
but this camera is great !
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
you will be sorry if you do .
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
highly recommended .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
i bought the 30gb zen xtra from a well-known national electronics store as soon as i saw they were advertising it for $ 219.99 .
1 ) price / gb of storage
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand .
do not buy this product --
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
try to buy a tripod and that should solve some of those problems .
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in .
4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something !
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
spend the extra 20 $ and buy a name brand dvd player .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
guess all that glitters is not gold .
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine .
go for it !
so i 'm screwed .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
this puts the zen in line with players like the rca jukebox and the whole line of archos players ( the newer ones are a bit better than the original archos jukeboxes ... but i popped out the drive in my 20 gig jukebox recorder and put in a 60 gig drive and use it exclusively as a powered portable usb 2.0 drive ).
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
- included creative software is pretty poor .
the software is great .
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
the batteries would not charge .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem .
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic .
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
hope this review has helped you in making up your mind .
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
it suppose to play everything .
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax .
overall , a very disappointing product .
it plays all my back-ups , + or - , and everything else i have put in it without a hick up .
i doubt anyone has ever seen an add or commercial for any other mp3 player .
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc.
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
structurally , everything is secure and it wo n't fall apart on you .
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels .
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's .
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba .
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone .
i had downloaded about 1000 songs and had room for another 9000 !
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
i was , however .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
overall , i highly recommend this phone .
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
it 's no problem for me personally .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
a lot of research went into digital camera 's before i made this purchase , and hands down , the g3 had everything i needed plus more .
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
what a junk .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
it defaulted to unchangeable email .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
plays them all .
now it would have gotten 5 stars had this baby come with features to upgrade the firmware and was able to play divx or avi videos .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
fiance did n't like the feel .
no one told me , but i wanted to tell you .
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
finally , i uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing .
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
i didnt wait to experiment .
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
song transfers were not an issue .
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .
this is not a handbag camera .
overall design :
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
i do n't care how it looks and i always drive so the size is not important to me .
the image quality is excellent .
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error .
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
is eax faulty ?
i was a little disappointed in the low end .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
it has a nice color screen .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
my opinions :
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe .
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
- uploading music is quick and easy .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
for the money apex machines have good features .
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
first there 's the unit itself .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one .
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
worked for two weeks .
ok so i donno about what other people said , how the player breaks and stuff , and the headfone jack , fortunately that did not happen to me .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
learning how to use it will not take very long .
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) .
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .
the bottom line :
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
it 's a very intuitive program .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
whatever you do , do n't buy this product .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
the first one would n't work from the start .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
you can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
small size .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
some of the great gains over g2 --
however , indoor pictures of subjects more than a few feet away can be blurry or grainy .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
- well-backlit keypad
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately .
i love the quality of the pictures .
i can 't imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
this thing is trash .
3 . it 's a hazard in the car .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
also the ipod has games on it .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
i currently have ~ 1100 songs encoded mostly at 196 kpbs and i have n't even used 10gb of storage yet .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can 't get through to their number , it 's always busy .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .
the pros and cons of it :
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
1 no direct firewire to the camera .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
i bought the 2600 because it plays everything !
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
a great new use for that underutilized computer .
the service deafults to showing the information associated with your billing zip code , but you can change the default and seach other areas while on the go .
i bought my nikon coolpix4300 about a week ago .
it 's not a big deal for me .
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
a. the cddb downloads information for the cd that you insert such that you do not have to type in the track information such as album , artist , song title , etc.
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
this thing does its job .
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
do not recommend .
i like the default blue .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
wow .. .
i would replace them with some better sounding and more comfortable phones .
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc.
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc.
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
really happy with this little camera .
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
this would have been much easier .
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ).
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor; not major ones though ,
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer .. . read the manual ).
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something they pop out .
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system .
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
if i knew then what i know now i would have paid the extra to get an ipod & avoided the zen .
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
the canon g3 .
they fall in love with the product .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
definetely a great camera .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .
carry your entire collection !
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
the software sucks .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
word ... peace in the east bruvah .
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
very easy to use .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
anyways , canon has improved upon the g2 with this g3 .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it 's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
third , the poor design continues with the case .
i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm comaptible phone .
i bought this dvd player in november .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
now we come to the zen xtra .. .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
come on, at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
it does have a digital zoom on top of the optical zoom , but you sacrifice quality .
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
i repeat - do n't wast your money .
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
it was just a problem with the player .
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case .
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .
take my words and give it a try .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
it sure does !
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
that 's important because i have a lot of music .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 .
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .
its quiet .
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .
i was able to improve things a bit by using the units equalizer and boosting the base .
the t610 can also compose music , a feature which most wo n't use .
almost there .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
- very long-lasting battery life
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
i will just say this :
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
was i just unlucky at that moment ?
for the price and features it is really good .
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
they sent me a new ad2600 with the same problem .
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
yes , the features are numerous .
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at .
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
bought the apex ad-2600 from amazon in 12/03 mainly on price , $ 49.99 - $ 10 rebate = $ 39.99 .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
i got an rma from creative , sent my player in to them for repairs .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan .. .
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck .
i do hope that they offer more faceplate options .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
i simply love this feature .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans.
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
anybody can explain that ?
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
if you want to be a poser and follow the herd , mooooooh , then buy the i-pod .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
my favorite is to play " any track " - am rediscovering my music !
as i travel quite a lot , i 'd want something with gsm as well as cdma tri-band .
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .
all i am looking for is a rebate form !
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ).
i bought the nomad when i went home on leave and it worked great for about a month .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
but who wants the wires involved .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
but canon never fails to amaze .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs.
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
do n't buy this player .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
they are not wowable good .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
i like the speakphone function a lot .
2 ) storage capacity
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
final verdict :
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus .
i love my new nomad , its great !
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
what 's going on creative labs ?
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
they said it is in stock , but they are " too busy " .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
( good going , amazon ).
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
i am new to the whole digital camera thing ; well , new to the whole camera thing period , really .
so .. .
i was prepared to love it .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
hope someone else has better luck !
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
like many reviewers , i really wanted to like this product .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
moving the viewfinder elsewhere on the camera will remove the lens distortion but increase the parallax phenomenon .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
my sister has this series of phone and she loves the radio and headset .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
lastly , you cannot manage anything on the ipod itself .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
i think that it is a were good mobile phone and i may buy it .
- light , compact design
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
cameras capture moments .
that was a mistake .
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
2 ) scroll button / switch
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think it makes a difference ) .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
bummer as it has great sound quality .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
able to use service in another country :
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
more downside to this phone ?
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com, http://www.nomadness.net
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
i discovered this weekend that itunes does not sell mp3 's in the mp3 format .
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
i make photographs at work , and so wanted a camera good enough to compare with what i use professionally .
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .
the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
the karma does have a stop button .
oh ... one more thing .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
- solid , high-quality construction
because this camera is beautiful .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
you can get weather , movies , horoscopes and more with a few clicks .
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
the downside -
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .
i can do that myself .
i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
was it a full moon that night ?
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
do not buy this product or any apex product unless you are looking to be frustrated and lose money !
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
you can edit the genres once the songs are on the play if you decide to re-classify things later .
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
moreover , they want a total of $ 107 to repair it .
size and style :
the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
controls are a bit awkward .
the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conducive to save driving .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
that takes up half the space of mp3 's .
warning - i did read the manual !
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can 't say much about the motorolla .
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
now i can always be in contact .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz. and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
first let me give you the bad things :
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
the speakerphone :
the storage capacity is great for me --
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
it 's because the 256 player uses flash memory ( smaller / lighter ) and the 30gb uses a hard drive .
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ).
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
furher it contains a card reader , a flash card folder for up to 8 cards , a lense cleaning rag , and an ac adapter , which is very helpful when working in an " outlet environment " .
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
so i took it back to best buy where i bought it and exchanged it for a newer zen 20 gig model .
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
what more could you ask for .
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ;
pros summary :
forget the fact that it 'll probably take me a year to figure out all the features this camera has to offer .
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
you have to buy better ones .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
it is a very amazing product .
this camera will stay with me for years !
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
and how can i do that ... .
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
go get it .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
value : comparing data storage with price .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
really quiet .
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
that 's been my experience .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
no big deal for the size . .
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
we also looked at the fuji fps602 .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
it lasted about 1 1/2 weeks .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
+ screen was good , easy to read
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
but the earbuds suck !
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
the nikon 's are great cameras .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
i do n't really like bounce .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
if you have a question , they have the answer .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
i can 't simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28mm filters are expensive and hard to find .
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation .
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
feels solid in hand .
so it was no loss .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
can 't complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
other than that this thing is great ...
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera ..
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com !
it 's easy .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
30gb is more than enough for most people .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
overall i think that you need to consider what you wan't to do .
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
i got my camera three days back , and although i had some experience with digital cameras prior to purchasing this one , i still rate myself as a beginner .
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable .
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty .
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
it is crystal clear .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make .
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
. lens cap is a really annoying
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
through the software you can classify songs in genres .
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
friends of mine are always asking about it and wanting to use it .
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod .
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) .
the light auto-correction is awesome .
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
advertising pays off i guess .. .
as said before this works perfectly .
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
that was annoying .
now i need to buy myself another one !
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
i 've had no problems with the software .
the pictures are amazing .
fair warning - do not buy .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
none of these are perfect .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
that was n't pretty .
do n't buy this thing .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
i do n't think i was asking too much .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good .
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
the cd just has too many problems with win xp .
not a big hassle as many would have you think .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
that 's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
creative also sells batteries via its website , so there 's no shipping off my player and waiting for it to be sent back to me with the new battery .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
now i can transport files to friends house with ease .
the moveable lcd screen is great .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
this is my first digital camera .
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
i highly recommend it .
had no problem with it .
oh my goodness --
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
sure enough there is no such ability .
signal strength will affect the battery life .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
this is a wonderful camera .
the dvd player does not work properly .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
it has many great features and very few bad ones .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) .. .
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor !
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
the battery life is amazing .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
you should too .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . "
originally i wanted the ipod .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
right now , i 'm researching for an inexpensive slave flash unit that 's designed for digital cameras .
now my dissapointments .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
seriously ! i love it !
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ).
i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance !
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
a great buy .
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) .
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
it was impossible to do so before .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem .
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad .
perhaps there is a way around this delay .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
there are not a lot of good options out there .
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .
the nomad is only sligtly larger than an ipod .
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
the warranty is 90 days .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection .
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can 't , i 'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
go for it ...
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
i showed her how to turn it on , where the lens zoom lever is , and she loves it !
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
i am a soldier serving in baghdad right now .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
thank you !
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash did n't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it has n't crashed since .
obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 gb of memory .
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music .
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .
what task do they perform ?
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
and i finally settled on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
that player is a complete piece of sh ***.
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
i 'm very glad i did .
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
now getting back to this .
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive .
the features are really cool like the radio .
you will have a very expensive paperweight .
good quality video .
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
i will never buy a creative product again .
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox .. .
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
pro : 1 .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
3 battery has to be removed to recharge .
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
the software failed repeatedly .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35mm film ) camera .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod .
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
- large easy readable screen
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
upon inspection i did find a small scratch on the surface and figured that to be the cause .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
i 'm not looking forward to ripping my entire collection every month or two .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw. and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey ..... never mind .
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ).
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go .. .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
i love this camera .
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
everything else about the camera is great .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .
it 's worth it .
now let 's talk about the software .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
needless to say , the canon won , hands down .
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . "
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
this is all i have to say .
what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it 's a little more prone to damage from being banged around .
by the way , it looks nice also .
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again .
after messing with it at a store i noticed how bad the i-pod was .
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
buy the re-seller 's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can 't comment on any problems there .
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed my mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i do n't have the patience for those sorta things .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc .
interface - practically seamless .
so what 's the point ?
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .uncomfortable -1
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
i received this as a gift .
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box .
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
they look fantastic .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles , or for those that like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ).
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
granted this is cheaper than an ipod .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
well that is not true .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
by what time standards -- martian ?
and really this is the best phone one could have .
again had to remove the battery .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
you can also search for your song , which is good .
we are overall pleased with product .
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
you get what you pay for .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
print those coupons twice for two phones ?
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
the ipod costs more for the same amount of memory .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
this is extemely lame .
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
you do take your chances with this phone .
audio on video also lacking .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
you know why ?
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
creative software stinks .
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
that way i could keep it in the case all the time .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
2 . most mp3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
proven canon built quality and lens .
you can always spend more money to get a better one .
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
if you can live without an integrated camera , you wo n't miss much more .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
sold in other parts of the world :
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
- no propietary headset jack
because , you will be dissapointed .
sent mine back .
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i don't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
what a disappointment .
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
* removable battery
big mistake .
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
after using it for a few weeks ( the amount of time before the hard drive crashed ) it revealed a few of its shortcommings .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
i wish i could give negative stars !
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
24 hours ?
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
its great .
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
it is small .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
minor gripe .
i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .
any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers .
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
very happy !
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
i 've had the camera for about two weeks and shot hundreds of pictures so far .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
- excellent sound quality
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .
i was cruising around the device within 20 minutes .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .
i am very pleased so far .
with our compact 35mm broken , and a vacation in europe at hand , i finally decided to enter the digital age .
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen .
i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual .
software - the software is crap .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
those who have had the nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it .
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
hope i 've been of some help .
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .
i expect the g3 will please me for years to come .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
its really cool .
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers i have .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person !
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious .
but who cares ?
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .
so , without further adoo .
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it does n't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
that 's all for now .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
having to copy / delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
- bright , visible screen
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software .
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it .
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
i cannot recommend it enough ! !
want the laundry list of reasons why ?
battery life :
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can 't image that the hardware is of very good quality .
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
i can 't fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
it took them twice as long to get to my unit as they said .
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
apex does n't answer the phone .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
honestly , the best players without any flaws were the goddam cd players .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
another stupid move .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
most people probably wanted the ipod before realizing that a vast array of full-featured viable alternatives exist .
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5.6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments .
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps.
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
i am back to using # 1 .
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
only if we could get one camera in it . .
i own a 35mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it .
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier .
if you 're seeking that elusive state of photographic euphoria that is free of buyer 's remorse and filled with cool , then travel to the world of the coolpix 4300 !
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players .
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
what a mistake !
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
fm receiver - it has none .
it worked good for a while .
i finally decided to upgrade , and started my research .
for those of you using a mac in os x+ there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
the player itself has all sorts of problems .
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
i find a great amount of value in this option for any and all the people that travel buy car and do not have access to the t-mobile " hot-spots " .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
i have tried the belkin tunecast mobile fm transmitter but found there was too much interference .
many before me have done that already .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
in all a winning combination .
honestly , i love this player .
i 've yet to be dissappointed .
i cannot say enough good things about the people who answer the phones .
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
you see , i can 't rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ).
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
- you just have to buy a new player .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
you can get a pretty good progressive scan sony or toshiba now for 68 bucks just about anywhere .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
my choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using mediasource .
have had problems since the first day
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
great quality picture and features .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
spend the money its well worth it .
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
cheaper in every way .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
after much research i decided on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
added 2-24 .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
battery life is ok .
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ).
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) .
redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more !
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
great feature list , poor reliability .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture .
if you have any doubts about this player , well do n't .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
to summarize , i am using the creative zen as a mobile device ;
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
compusa , memorex , fuji .
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
the battery is nice .
personally , i do n't understand all the complaints about the interface .. .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
updating the unit 's firmware :
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
also , the lens cap design is flawed .
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
now where did i put that manual ?
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
personally i like the samsung phones better because i found myself liking the flip phones so much more .
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
got way too many blurry pictures .
i was worried about this after seeing a friend change batteries on his olympus after about 20-30 pictures .
awesome feature .
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ).
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
boy was i wrong .
i am returning the broken one today .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
the player : it 's silver .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
ok , im writing yet another review , about a week from my previous one .
well to say , i had a very bad history with players .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
if you 're intrested in buying a spare battery it 'll run you another $ 50 , a little steep i thought .
just make sure the keys are locked .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again it is only speculation .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
i bought this player during a christmas sale at an excellent price .
they refunded my $ $ $ so fast and paid for the shipping back .
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
they stop time .
when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
bottom line , if you 're attracted to this phone because of its tri-band feature so you can take it abroad , forget it .
i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 .
the screen 's large and easily read .
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
the bottom line , i 'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i 'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver .
i took the camera and just gave it to someone .
bought this product about a month ago and have used it in a variety of situations .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
i forgot , the case does n't fit .
the motorolla phone have a horrible battery which lasts about a day ( although i heard that the motorolla t722i has a much longer battery life ) .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
i did n't even try the included software .
that 's probably a bad thing .
absolutely breathtaking .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
what kind of a company does that !
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that .
great screen and great sound .
well worth the money .
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
gee ... thanks a lot creative .
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
hehe , my bad .
there was neither picture nor sound .
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00. but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
my story is based on personal usage .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 .. .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
the powershot g3 is a great camera .
i bought coolpix 4300 two months after i had bought canon powershot s400 .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful .
buy this camera and savour it .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through .
i love photography .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
otherwise , this player is awesome !
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
i guess you get what you pay for .
after finally stumbling upon this zen nx player , i knew i had found what i was looking for .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
will never purchase apex again .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
but you do n't have to be .
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country .
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
poor visibility on the keys .
so why lie about it ?
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button .
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
your child is going to do a cannonball off the diving board , so you compose the shot and wait for your moment .
color screen is good .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ).
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
zen good points :
it says i have a harddisk problem .
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
the grain was terrible .
one major complaint :
but they offer only a 3-month warranty ( on all of their players , including the zen xtra ) .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
here 's why :
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
this camera has a major design flaw .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
the zen has a detachable face plate that allows the battery to be replaced .
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .
read the directions !
i ignored the instruction booklet ( as i do with any product ) and figured out how to organize separate playlists within minutes .
this did not give me enough control .
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
although you may think you 're dealing with amazon , you 're dealing with some second rate store that you 've never heard of .
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive
as mentioned above i broke the player within the 1st 10 days .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
the sony ericsson phone ( t610 ) has the most whistles and bells , but is also the hardest to use .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ).
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this .
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
at $ 49 .
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
10 great price for all the features .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
scroll bar :
if your view in life is that you are going to pay $ x00 to get a device then it must be near ideal - ruggedly constructed , fault proof , good product support , easy to use software - then do yourself a favor and do n't buy yet .
the plus points are -
( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
this is the best phone i have seen .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more .
back to the 2600 :
any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support .
this junky is super duper rad. it be my fav c-phone and stuff .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
it is made of plastic .
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
crappy headphones .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
if the hard drive on your computer should fail , better have your music backed up somewhere or its gone !
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
i love it ! !
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes .
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
it is a beast .
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product .
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
one broke , one got stolen , and then i bought the riovolt sp - 350 .
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
of course you do !
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
the pro ...
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
