everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
it wo n't play all of my movies .
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
the warranty is 90 days .
the player : it 's silver .
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
awesome feature .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players .
ipod can be used as an external disk , and apparently stores files without problem .
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
you can 't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
no matter the format .
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw. and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey ..... never mind .
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
the phones are awesome .
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
they piggy-back on cingular 's service .
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ).
- outstanding signal reception
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
the second one is up and running .
what task do they perform ?
this is my second digital camera , though i also use one at work and have some experience with several nikon and canon models .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
this is pretty cool .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
word ... peace in the east bruvah .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
if you can live without an integrated camera , you wo n't miss much more .
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one :
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
so it was no loss .
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial . its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
can 't complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
this camera will stay with me for years !
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
i wanted something that is able to take high quality photos but not be so bulky that i would wind up leaving it at home all the time .
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! !
get one now !
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
i love my new nomad , its great !
i do n't think so .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
highly recommended .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
i am not talking milliseconds .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
so how can i do that ... are n't that free for two after the rebates .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .
i did n't even try the included software .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
- included creative software is pretty poor .
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
i currently have ~ 1100 songs encoded mostly at 196 kpbs and i have n't even used 10gb of storage yet .
after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile !
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
very bad quality .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
like many reviewers , i really wanted to like this product .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
it 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
come on, at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor; not major ones though ,
one bad thing though , i find the remote control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
i had downloaded about 1000 songs and had room for another 9000 !
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player .
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
anyway , on with the review .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
great price .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
the sound quality is very good .
but you do n't have to be .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
great camera .
i love this camera .
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever .
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
the motorolla phone have a horrible battery which lasts about a day ( although i heard that the motorolla t722i has a much longer battery life ) .
having to copy / delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage .
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
what a disappointment !
subsequent behavior even worse .
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
four megapixels is great .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
great screen and great sound .
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
i have n't figured it out yet .
i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .
if you buy a creative mp3 player , be sure to get the optional extended warranty .
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
want the laundry list of reasons why ?
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
the included memory card is too small .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
reason for two ?
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
overall i like the unit .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
i tried to take a cd and simply rip it onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player .
however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
a great deal in general !
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register it .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it 's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
video output stopped workin .
no complaints there .
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
look / design :
this seemed like a really good compromise .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer .
i was , however .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
hope i helped !
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .
3 . it 's a hazard in the car .
i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it 's there & installs the drivers .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
- bright , visible screen
the moveable lcd screen is great .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
of all these phones the motorolla and the sony ericsson phones are the smallest .
it only comes in 20gb ; enough for most people , not for those with large collections ripped at high sampling rates .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
but this camera is great !
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
i have not used the progressive scan feature .
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs .
apex sucks !
and then you will start to belive them .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it .
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
you can also search for your song , which is good .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years !
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
now i know better .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
of course you do !
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
i have always known nokia to provide me with good games on their phones .
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel .
i would much more have preferred a keypad-type navigator like found on dvd remotes .
audio is excellent .
do n't drop this unit :
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
strike 1 .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem .
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
the powershot g3 is a great camera .
i love this player .
the storage capacity is great for me --
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
30gb is more than enough for most people .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
is it a coincidence that i no longer can get any of your nomad zen xtras ( worst name ever ) at best buy and now the 60gb nomad xtra is " sold out " or more likely " discontinued " at the almighty amazon.com ?
i was worried about this after seeing a friend change batteries on his olympus after about 20-30 pictures .
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
the title says it all ...
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags.
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
use the rechargeable because that saves you money and helps the environment in a long run .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
the storage capacity is great .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
otherwise , this player is awesome !
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
interface - practically seamless .
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 .. .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
anyways , canon has improved upon the g2 with this g3 .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .uncomfortable -1
so i do n't understand why it would not work with dvds that seem to have more features in them .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) .. .
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
i ordered two of these puppies for christmas gifts .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
when talking the voice is not very clear .
it 's a very intuitive program .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it does n't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
my opinions :
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
the light auto-correction is awesome .
i will just say this :
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .
this is not the same thing as a film camera .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it .
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
for an early christmas gift , i got a zen xtra 40 gb player .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
minor gripe .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
i definately recommend a large memory card .
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
controls are a bit awkward .
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones .
highly recommended !
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor !
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
this did not give me enough control .
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .
get better headphones .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. .
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately .
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers .
it 's not a big deal for me .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs .
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
they fall in love with the product .
everyone who says i can 't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers .
this camera has a major design flaw .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .
one broke , one got stolen , and then i bought the riovolt sp - 350 .
got way too many blurry pictures .
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search .
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .
software - the software is crap .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
and no t-zones .
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
no big deal for the size . .
size and weight :
it ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer .
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware that simply would n't perform .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
buy it for fun , for lack of processing , because you want to use iphoto , or whatever .
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
a somewhat more troublesome problem is that the internet site will sometimes give different discs of the same set slightly different names .
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
i am new to the whole digital camera thing ; well , new to the whole camera thing period , really .
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ).
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
bait and switch .
there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
the software lets you pop in a cd and then scans the internet to name the artist , track name and album name .
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
again had to remove the battery .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ).
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
what kind of a company does that !
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
the pro ...
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
sure enough there is no such ability .
the canon g3 .
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
some of the great gains over g2 --
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan .. .
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
i guess you get what you pay for .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
good points :
6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery .
definetely a great camera .
right now , i 'm researching for an inexpensive slave flash unit that 's designed for digital cameras .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
i own a 35mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
now i may buy two !
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
this is the 4 apex player that i have bought .
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution .
i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance !
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy .
but that 's a moot point now .
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
i can 't simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive .
i was cruising around the device within 20 minutes .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
what a disappointment .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
that takes up half the space of mp3 's .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !
as said before this works perfectly .
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
i have used this phone for two months now .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside .
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .
no difference .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .
the nomad can hold any type of file , not just mp3 , so you can use it as a portable hard disk .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
oh ... one more thing .
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
here 's why :
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
creative provided e-mail support ;
upon inspection i did find a small scratch on the surface and figured that to be the cause .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one .
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer .. . read the manual ).
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty !
got a great deal from a reputable seller .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
it has a nice color screen .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
i was getting so sick of my old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along .
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
so i 'm screwed .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz. and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
overall an excellent phone .
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
you have to add them to the playing list .
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
now i need to buy myself another one !
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28mm filter set .
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
hope someone else has better luck !
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
i can do that myself .
- well-backlit keypad
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
amazon is awaesome !
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
well that is not true .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
what a mistake !
if i knew then what i know now i would have paid the extra to get an ipod & avoided the zen .
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
it did lock up on me a couple of times .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
started ripping and transferring .
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
* removable battery
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
and then it breaks .
i cancelled the order .
for the money , get a better quality player .
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
i should have looked at it harder .
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
thank you !
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
ease of use :
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
they said it is in stock , but they are " too busy " .
it worked good for a while .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
this product is too fragile for normal use .
have had problems since the first day
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season .
what is up .
the shutter lag is on par with what i 've experienced with point and shoot 35mm and aps film cameras and the next frame advance is about a couple seconds using a high speed 12x 128mb compact flash card a salesperson recommended the high speed card since next frame advance speed was important to me - and it was only a few dollars more .
at $ 49 .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
the remote is a little hard to understand .
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
the radio feature has superb sound quality .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive .
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
radio is awsome , but it does n't work unless you have the earpiece in .
thats it .
zens rule .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
that player is a complete piece of sh ***.
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go .. .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
it 's worth it .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
the t610 can also compose music , a feature which most wo n't use .
now my dissapointments .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
the store clerk concluded that the blurriness may be caused by shaking the camera slightly when i press the button , which is understandable since this camera is lighter than the other two models .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
the dvd player does not work properly .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
like most people , i do n't want to read the instructions , i just want to use it .
so you can plug your nomad directly into your stereo or use a car adapter , but you do n't get the quality from a true line out jack .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
excellent range of metering options as well .
my pda becames a digital album .
and how can i do that ... .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
i have my mp3 's stored on my workstation .
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
this would have been much easier .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
almost there .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
the camera was a marvel .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
do n't buy this player .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
finally , i uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing .
it was just a problem with the player .
this is my fourth mp3 player ( creative nomad jukebox2 and 3 , rio chie , and this one ) , and my third player from creative .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine .
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd .
one major complaint :
a sliding old fashioned volume knob would also have been easier than the digital version that was included .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
it 's no problem for me personally .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires .
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .
my one recommendation to creative is to get some marketing people to work on the names of these things .
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
ok so i donno about what other people said , how the player breaks and stuff , and the headfone jack , fortunately that did not happen to me .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
zen good points :
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
loved the slim design .
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button .
the door would not close .
those who have had the nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
bought one for $ 49.99 .
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
i bought this dvd player in november .
1 no direct firewire to the camera .
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
had no problem with it .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . "
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
very easy to use .
but once in a while , i run up against it 's major flaw :
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
well i decided to get this one .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we cannot help , " or something to that effect .
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity .
the distortion is not a flaw .
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com, http://www.nomadness.net
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
a disipointed customer .
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
buy the re-seller 's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
it always pays off .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
well in the beginning i was asking around for mp3 players .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
so why lie about it ?
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he could n't .
hopefully you wo n't regret .
- you just have to buy a new player .
but i would expect that , since my movie discs have all played with no problem , the extras discs would , too , without any additional tweaking .
extremely convenient .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it would n't cause problems and , in fact , it has n't .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
it is not perfect though .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
i can 't speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
had it for a week .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
what 's going on creative labs ?
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
hopefully you still have the remote control .
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
even if there happened to be identical track titles on the same disc , you could still edit the file name manually and get them both onto the player .
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
added 2-24 .
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
i 've had the camera for about two weeks and shot hundreds of pictures so far .
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
that meant even less light and just as much action .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .
apple 's solution - pay apple another $ 400 + for a new ipod ( less a paltry discount ) .
not a big hassle as many would have you think .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
sold in other parts of the world :
unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem cant easily be solved .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ).
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
yes , the features are numerous .
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
carry your entire collection !
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
this explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players .
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
you can edit the genres once the songs are on the play if you decide to re-classify things later .
i have had no problems with the phone .
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but could n't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for me .
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
the dvd player is fine .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement .
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
oh my goodness --
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software .
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
third , the poor design continues with the case .
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
you can 't find the mpeg playback on high priced units .
consider it for a future gift too !
what more could you ask for .
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
creative software stinks .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model .
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
needless to say , the canon won , hands down .
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
advertising pays off i guess .. .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
i didnt wait to experiment .
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
wow .. .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 gb of memory .
1 . i do n't need the nomad at the office .
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files .
save yourself some aggrivation .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error .
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
no go on most formats .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ).
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
i 'll just say this .. .
i do hope that they offer more faceplate options .
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
overall i like it .
so what are you waiting for ?
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome .
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one .
disgusted with myself after i found the phone in the bottom of the washing machine , i was about to throw it away when one of my fellow soldiers asked if he could dry it out for me in an effort to revive the phone .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them .
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it !
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .
i replaced it with this not-quite-so-dazzling , but definitely more functional device .
what a big improvement ... lol ) and the fact that lots of people have had problems with ipods on windows computers , i realized this is a much better buy .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
hehe , my bad .
again , you can change this , but it 's harder to spot a minor variation in the title when you do n't have the title of the other disk in front of you .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
2 ) scroll button / switch
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
size and style :
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
read the directions !
i give it 10 stars !
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .
my first impression was positive .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
i use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
well worth the money .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
overall i think that you need to consider what you wan't to do .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans.
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
it worked .
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
i got an rma from creative , sent my player in to them for repairs .
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .
a 35mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can 't , i 'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand .
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
do not buy this product or any apex product unless you are looking to be frustrated and lose money !
the vibrate setting is loud !
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ).
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
this is extemely lame .
however , if anyone has participated in violent or extreme sports while using their zen , please share your experiences .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
would be really good if they have given an option to stop this autofocussing .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
. lens cap is a really annoying
so what 's the point ?
fm receiver - it has none .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
plugged it in .
it took them twice as long to get to my unit as they said .
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
overall design :
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
this is my first digital camera .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
i purchased a jukebox 3 from creative almost a year ago .
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i 'm even using a speakerphone .
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
many before me have done that already .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
for the money apex machines have good features .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
bummer as it has great sound quality .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ).
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
this is ridiculous .
bought this product about a month ago and have used it in a variety of situations .
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck .
the software is great .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
i find this to be a great feature .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
8 battery life is excellent .
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
* software is absolutely terrible :
granted this is cheaper than an ipod .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
if these otherwise minor issues can be fixed , i would rate this a 5 star machine .
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
but canon never fails to amaze .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers .
value : comparing data storage with price .
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .
now we come to the zen xtra .. .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
also , very light and portable .
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
i think the sound quality of this phone is slightly better than my samsung phone , the motorolla t720 series , and the sony ericsson t610 series .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country .
no one told me , but i wanted to tell you .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox .
size - bigger than the ipod
but who cares ?
- large easy readable screen
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
however , it serves its purpose .
i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment !
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .
it has 2 games .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
sent mine back .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can 't be used .
seriously ! i love it !
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
the price / performance looked just right .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
10 great price for all the features .
so , without further adoo .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
very large pics take 8mb each !
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
do not recommend .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
aight den bumpy ?
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
i was a little disappointed in the low end .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
after using it for a few weeks ( the amount of time before the hard drive crashed ) it revealed a few of its shortcommings .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
( batteries last longer too ! )
it takes great pictures .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
do not buy this player .
but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
yup , right back for a refund !
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
it is small .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
charged my battery .
when i bought it late last year , there were enough reviews that i knew the navigation wheel and software would be less than ideal , but it sounded like a fair tradeoff .
absolutely breathtaking .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
no way to contact their customer service .
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
i bought this dvd player mainly because my old sharp dvd player could not play most of the dvds from the store that i rent from and i had to watch them using my pc 's dvd-rom player .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .
the plus points are -
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it 's a little more prone to damage from being banged around .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
i have a dvd burner .
the nomad is only sligtly larger than an ipod .
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; it just failed ) .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine .
i was so excited about the price and reviews of this dvd player .
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos .
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend .
proven canon built quality and lens .
what a junk .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ).
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
2 ) storage capacity
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
it is a very amazing product .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox .. .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
if i wasnt a runner i would take a bullet in the foot for my nomad jukebox .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
i did n't had any problem till now .
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
" enjoy " !
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
lot 's of other features that i need to find out about .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .
spend the money its well worth it .
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
downloads are a snap and quick .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " !
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
is my unit defective ?
in all a winning combination .
go for it !
although they accepted that they will ship on mon - 6 jan , they still did n't ship it .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
now i can always be in contact .
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something they pop out .
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .
does n't always register push-button movement .
the zen has a detachable face plate that allows the battery to be replaced .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
the zen has no stop button .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
just get some new headphones and your set .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one !
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
i think that it is a were good mobile phone and i may buy it .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
features that would have been nice :
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it !
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
this is an edited review , now that i have had time to use the device .
the headphone jack acts as a pseudo line out jack .
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ).
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
after that it seems like you 're on your own .
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution .
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
its really cool .
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
1 ) price / gb of storage
that was n't pretty .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
that 's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00. but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system .
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
i was prepared to love it .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
picture this :
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
the software sucks .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
overall , i highly recommend this phone .
so .. .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
now , i suddenly have no picture .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
i bought this phone when it first came out in the summer .
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
i finally decided to upgrade , and started my research .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
it 's easy .
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
if the hard drive on your computer should fail , better have your music backed up somewhere or its gone !
it is a beast .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone .
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
no more annoying series of beeps .
i 'm very glad i did .
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
the upgrade went smoothly and was easy to do if you can follow directions .
you can get weather , movies , horoscopes and more with a few clicks .
3 battery has to be removed to recharge .
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
i can 't believe people continue to pay those prices .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
i bought this product from amazon .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
sound quality :
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28mm filters are expensive and hard to find .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
i love it ! !
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .
i listened to it for several days before needing to recharge them .
i highly recommend it .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one .
go get it .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution .
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day .
the screen 's large and easily read .
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player .
very happy !
* slick-looking design and improved interface
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
3 ) user replaceable battery
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 .
with the t-mobile unlimited t-zones for $ 10 , i can check any number of email addresses and use unlimited internet .
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
if you want to be a poser and follow the herd , mooooooh , then buy the i-pod .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
5 hours max. i did it like this
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
you do take your chances with this phone .
i am bored with the silver look .
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good .
i will say this .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can 't comment on any problems there .
pros summary :
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
oh well ..
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
do not buy this product --
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
i got my camera three days back , and although i had some experience with digital cameras prior to purchasing this one , i still rate myself as a beginner .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
i love photography .
when it arrives , you press the shutter release .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
now , for the t-mobile service :
the g3 looks like a work of art !
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
i am still trying to resolve it four months later .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
it 's horrible .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
if your view in life is that you are going to pay $ x00 to get a device then it must be near ideal - ruggedly constructed , fault proof , good product support , easy to use software - then do yourself a favor and do n't buy yet .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead .
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
i 've had no problems with the software .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
i would recommend buying one .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
most people probably wanted the ipod before realizing that a vast array of full-featured viable alternatives exist .
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
the interface used could be better designed .
after much research i decided on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc.
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
you will be sorry if you do .
yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
for those of you using a mac in os x+ there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
i cannot recommend it enough ! !
forget about it .
able to use service in another country :
the quality is superb .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
this is the best phone i have seen .
poor visibility on the keys .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
this phone is a winner ...
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can 't use nomad until you get home .
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
that was annoying .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
i would recommend doing the upgrade to be sure you have the best chance at trouble free operation .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax .
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
the battery is nice .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
the software failed repeatedly .
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
compusa , memorex , fuji .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
honestly , the best players without any flaws were the goddam cd players .
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .
do n't buy this player .
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
it was not my first choice .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do .
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
so buy the g3 .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
to summarize , i am using the creative zen as a mobile device ;
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
its quiet .
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) .
and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
this is not a handbag camera .
we are overall pleased with product .
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box .
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
the first one would n't work from the start .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba .
other than that this thing is great ...
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad .
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .
after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
takes excellent photos .
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
moving the viewfinder elsewhere on the camera will remove the lens distortion but increase the parallax phenomenon .
7 picture quality is excellent .
the karma does have a stop button .
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .
excellent idea !
if you 're like me , that will definitely make you pause .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .
also the ipod has games on it .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
not an urgent issue , as it still works .. .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
i bought my nikon coolpix4300 about a week ago .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static .
crappy headphones .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can 't be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
what the heck is up with the 2600 .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
i will never buy another apex digital product !
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
the case had ad2600 .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
negative points :
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
the grain was terrible .
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
synchronizing music among computers , if you have more than one , seems to be an issue ; research this before buying if you have multiple computers you want to be synchronized .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
it also has unproven battery life .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels .
it lasted about 1 1/2 weeks .
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
flash card memory vs. hard drive ( i.e. why does a 256 mb player cost $$$...and a 40 gb ( 40,000 mb ) player only cost
nothing but hassle with this company .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
the fm radio is cool .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
there was very little light in there .
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
the batteries would not charge .
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
it 's a winner .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
now i can transport files to friends house with ease .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
the ipod costs more for the same amount of memory .
( my orignal review is below : )
really quiet .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
do n't waste your money .
i then played it through my ps2 and there was no problem there either .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
also , the lens cap design is flawed .
for the price and features it is really good .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
once again , the sound is awesome , the batter life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life .
it 's almost like having a media player / file manager built into the dvd player .
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
( 1 gb = 1,000 mb )
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
the speakerphone :
my brother bought an ipod this past summer and my dad bought the original zen around the same time ..
i am very pleased with it so far .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler .
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly .
the nikon 's are great cameras .
by the way , it looks nice also .
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
back to the 2600 :
so i took it back to best buy where i bought it and exchanged it for a newer zen 20 gig model .
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
originally i wanted the ipod .
you know why ?
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
i have no buyers remorse with this baby , and i never will .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
the downside -
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
how does it sound ?
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software !
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
typically people use 96kbs to 320 kps.
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .
lastly , the price is fantastic :
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
i purchased and returned this product , but not because of any glaring flaws in the design .
none of these are perfect .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing .
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem .
to me this alludes to the manufacturer 's confidence that the product will last for a year .
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
they sent me a new ad2600 with the same problem .
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
the player itself has all sorts of problems .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
i am returning the broken one today .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
you get what you pay for .
it practically plays almost everything you give it .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) .
you can use the scene modes , or fine tune the options , i. you can change the iso level , shutter speed , etc.
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ).
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
just be aware of it .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
before anyone says hey you have n't used the product , i have , my friend received one for christmas instead of an ipod and has since envied me for my vastly superior product .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ).
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
truly , i am quite impressed . . ! !
overall , a good buy for the price .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
but the earbuds suck !
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
i forgot , the case does n't fit .
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
this is all i have to say .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35mm film ) camera .
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .
that is where my satisfaction ends .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
i can 't comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
their customer service is very poor .
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .
i bought the 30gb zen xtra from a well-known national electronics store as soon as i saw they were advertising it for $ 219.99 .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
do n't buy this thing .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
i 'd look elsewhere .
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
otherwise feedback seems to be good .
good quality video .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
i bought this last week through amazon .
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
all i am looking for is a rebate form !
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
by what time standards -- martian ?
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
- light , compact design
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough .
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
* sigh .
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .
i 'm not looking forward to ripping my entire collection every month or two .
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's .
that beside you are prob. very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds !
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
card reader is included .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo .. .
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
with our compact 35mm broken , and a vacation in europe at hand , i finally decided to enter the digital age .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conducive to save driving .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
the vibration is not top .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
i originally purchase a 30 gb nomad zen xtra as a portable mp3 player .
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily .
learning how to use it will not take very long .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
battery life :
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
thumbs down on that one .
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
overall it is the best camera on the market .
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
buy this camera and savour it .
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
small size .
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash did n't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it has n't crashed since .
final verdict :
the ipod 's white plastic look / surface does n't suit me .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
before they are sold out !
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .
i agree with the positive reviews .
i will never buy a creative product again .
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read .
and have returned both .
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
honestly , i love this player .
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
works great !
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
a card with more memory is a must .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
this is not a player you can take jogging .
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
well to say , i had a very bad history with players .
apple 's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years its market share will drop significantly .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
some of the more geeky ( non-apple type ) reviewers complain that the scrollwheel is annoying after a while and they resent being forced into this apple-like interface .
obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
audio on video also lacking .
the features are really cool like the radio .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
i bought the nomad when i went home on leave and it worked great for about a month .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
creative also sells batteries via its website , so there 's no shipping off my player and waiting for it to be sent back to me with the new battery .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .
great design and looks cool .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles , or for those that like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
i only have one question , when i add tracks to my nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
fiance did n't like the feel .
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
more downside to this phone ?
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
not many .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can 't get through to their number , it 's always busy .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .
olympus c5050 is a very solid camera with a metal body .
well , not with this one .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
i love the quality of the pictures .
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
that 's probably a bad thing .
the radio :
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more !
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
worth every penny !
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
usb 2.0 - very fast
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
it sure does !
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
wow , dennis sure is great !
is eax faulty ?
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this .
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
and also , it 's priced very affordably .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps.
night mode is clear as day .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
cons summary :
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds.
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine !
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .
this puts the zen in line with players like the rca jukebox and the whole line of archos players ( the newer ones are a bit better than the original archos jukeboxes ... but i popped out the drive in my 20 gig jukebox recorder and put in a 60 gig drive and use it exclusively as a powered portable usb 2.0 drive ).
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
guess all that glitters is not gold .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
great camera , great investment !
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
so i was all excited about the ipod but then the day before i went to best buy to check out the other mp3 players and i came across this one .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it 's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
it looks great - and is loaded with features .
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .
you see , i can 't rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
but they offer only a 3-month warranty ( on all of their players , including the zen xtra ) .
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
great features . .
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
picture scrolling in b/w :
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
the battery life is amazing .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
so far the software for the pc works easily .
awful , awful , awful .
it was not easy sharing one with my teen age kid .
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
you have to buy better ones .
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
i am very pleased so far .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
it does have a digital zoom on top of the optical zoom , but you sacrifice quality .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .
apex does n't answer the phone .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
this thing is trash .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
it was impossible to do so before .
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
song transfers were not an issue .
still no response .
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting .
that 's been my experience .
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
those that have it like it .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
after spending hours being transferred from one tech help person to another , i got fed up and have decided to return the phone .
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent .
great phone .. .
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
i bought the 2600 because it plays everything !
i have not yet figured out how to make it snap quick pictures for action shots .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
take the time to fill in those tags !
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ).
i find a great amount of value in this option for any and all the people that travel buy car and do not have access to the t-mobile " hot-spots " .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
try to buy a tripod and that should solve some of those problems .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
if this is your fist dvd player .
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
this is a wonderful camera .
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
now let 's talk about the software .
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
a. the cddb downloads information for the cd that you insert such that you do not have to type in the track information such as album , artist , song title , etc.
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
this thing plays everything i feed it .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies .
i checked with nokia .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
warning - i did read the manual !
i returned it once , then i sent it back , and it is crap .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
i ordered 2 .
this thing does its job .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home .
signal strength will affect the battery life .
what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years .
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
they are not wowable good .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod .
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck .
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
no issues as of yet
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
this player is an ideal purchase .
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them .
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through .
player controls :
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
we 'll see if i need them to .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
- best in class sound
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person !
scroll bar :
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
i purchased this player last week .
you should too .
a big plus in my book .
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
there is usb , though .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
you need the software to actually transfer files
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
its great .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
the other controls are all very easy to use .
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
when the player was working it was great ,but .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
it focuses in a snap .
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
