It is extremely fast and very compact .
I am very happy with this laptop .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
I went with him and we picked this one .
Despite the inconvenient weight , I opted for the 12 cell battery .
I practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
I purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
I love the keyboard .
The device speaks about it self .
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
That 's right , no power , absolutely NOTHING .
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
I 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
This computer is absolutely AMAZING !!!
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
I ' have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
The computer would not ever cut back on .
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
I really like the Mac 15.4 in . Notebook , but its very pricey .
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer !
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it .
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac .
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007 .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
Small and light weight .
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product ( my five year old Compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds .
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped .
Only issue is that it is a little slow , and I 'm fixing that by adding more RAM .
I 'm pleased .
Chatting with Acer support , I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased .
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
These new problems were the final straws ;
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
Very nice unibody construction .
I am definitely sold , and not going back to PCs for home use !
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
It was getting old and I needed a new school computer .
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser .
After all was said and done , I essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM , TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
What a mistake !
Taking it anywhere was a pain !
I love it !
I upgraded it 's RAM to 2GB , I am very happy with it .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
I have n't tried the one with retina display ... Maybe in the future .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
After much battling with HP i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
Going to bring it to service today .
The notebook would not turn back on again .
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive .
I was always against them but now I buying one I 'll never go back to PC .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
So far , so good !
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook !
The battery life is also relatively good .
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
Yes , he is a self professed " Mac snob .
It certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with Mac 's complain about anything .
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
With no problems , I 'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else .
Enjoy your sitdown
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
So you might ask , what did Apple do for me ?
But the mountain lion is just too slow .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
Thank you .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS !!!
:) In the past four years I 've had it I have never once gotten a virus .
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
So this review might be a tad bit bias .
it has had some problems .
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare , I 'd buy the Pro line though , the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model .
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact , and I am certainly glad I did .
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
It works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
Overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer , not will I buy Gateway , or eMachine as they are all from the same company .
Programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
Never been hacked .
Maybe it 's Acer , maybe it 's MSFT .
Every time I log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through .
Yet my mac continues to function properly .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 10
Also , you wo n't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? So , I said I wanted a new set .
It 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for Microsoft office .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
I like the operating system .
I got what I paid for .
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks , and I am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
( No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
The difference is phenomenal .
But after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
Very light and easily maneuverable .
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it would n't have ANY problems .
IT WANT TAKE IT , IT KEEP SAYING ERROR .
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one .
It is not ideal for children because of the temp .
Ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple .
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
But the Macbook is the best !
I ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
Overall it 's an amazing product , 5 stars !
It is so great , I can Hardly ever take my hands off it !
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS .
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
The SuperDrive is quiet .
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you do n't matter .
However , this will be my last as well .
The Macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( I have the 13.3 " model ) , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
I was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain Flash .
my information was all lost ( my fault , I know , but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac , the paragon of all computers !
BAck she goes !
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
The advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
All the above aside this machine ROCKS !
Cons : Screen resolution .
Only a few days after I received the computer back , the screen froze again .
This laptop does everything I need it to very well .
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
There is nothing better .
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show .
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
4 ) Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
This is my second MacBook .
The Toshiba Mini Notebook , Model NB 305-N410BL , is a great little computer .
Also , because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper .
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
Am very glad I bought it , great netbook , low price .
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( I do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
Not easy to carry .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
My wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
The system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
It lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if I fired it up today , it would work .
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( I bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
Also the display is exceptional !
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
To those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
The OS is great .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
I will only buy apple laptops from now on .
The macbook pro is really responsive .
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
Searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
This is what I call a good after sales service .
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back .
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school .
Let me start with the good : So awesome .
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair .
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment .
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
Very very disappointed !
I think this computer is super lame .
There is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store .
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
I have owned it only two months !
I can actually get work done with this MAC , and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop .
I love everything about it .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
I sit down and use my husband 's work PC and I do n't like it one bit .
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09 .
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that ar n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
Hopefully Amazon will take this back .
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
This mac does come with an extender cable and I 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac .
Do n't get me wrong , I am no Microsoft hater , I 've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine .
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
But I do n't see it as a problem .
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
Plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
Whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows ( or Winblows , as I like ot call it ) .
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products .
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well !
Runs like a champ .....
High price tag , however .
I 'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes .
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer … .
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8 .
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
After 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I 'm really happy with the move .
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
The product is prefect for everyone .
However , I can refute that OSX is " FAST " .
Deal of the year .
I use it now more than I even thought I would .
It was over rated !
They 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to ( CS5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was .
I 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
And the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop .
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me , I only had a problem once or twice with it , But probably my computer was a bit defective .
I absolutely love my mac !
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com .
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
i had to return it for a replacement .
This is another reason to like the Mac .
Easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
Great deal on an amazing lap top !
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell .
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
At first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
I love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6 " .
It is super easy to use .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
You will not regret buying this computer !
I called back to ensure that received it , they had .
I LOVE IT !
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER -------- LOU
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
Also , I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card ( ATI 5870 ) / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
It came in brand new and works perfectly .
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day I turn it on , no GUI , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
I would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
Best Buy Rocks !
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere .
Loaded with bloatware .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
On two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere .
Sad very SAD .
This machine is A-mazing .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
Each time taking about 1 day or so .
If you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
Now for the hardware problems .
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro , this thing holds its own .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
- Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
Could n't keep a page up you were working on !
Looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
The price and features more than met my needs .
Other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook I do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
The extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
I go to purchase it on line , and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
A MONTH LATER , we reinstall the OS ( Vista ) .
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
He came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
So you out of of notebook and money .
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user , meaning I average about three " tabs " .
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
Actually , I had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
Also kinda loud when the fan was running .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
Hopefully my replacement is brand new .
Well , maybe more like week one .
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and I would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
I would recommend this product .
This thing sucks !
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be .
Do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it , I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use .
I find it not to be very user friendly .
My children wo n't even use it for their school work .
Customization on mac is impossible .
Harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
I have used PC 's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy .
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba .
If you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
Besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
There is no HDMI receptacle , nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device .
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
It discharges too quickly .
Not sure on Windows 8 .
My main reason to convert was the imovie program .
It has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it .
Maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
If you get a lemon ( I have two thirds of my Macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
It 's a great product for a great price !
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
I wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and I have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
Do not buy it !
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
The perfect notebook ...
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job .
If you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , I bought the white one from Best Buy .
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop .
i would have to say that overall its great !
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
I have had a black macbook since 2007 .
Registration/1st use is easy .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
So , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
Seems to me that 's the best way to get Apple 's attention .
My last laptop was a 17 " ASUS gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago .
But I do NOT like Win8 .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ 2
Clear picture on it and everything .
There is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
Highly recommended !
Easy learning curve .
The speakers could have been better but it was n't a deal breaker ... this is a great little laptop ... love it !
I tell everyone that I know , friends , family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used .
In fact , somehow ( and I never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
Everything is falling apart internally and externally .
Not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
I really like the size and I 'm a fan of the ACERS .
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route .
The sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7 .
I purchased my first Mac and am glad I did .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
Sorry Toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
First off , I really do like my MBP ... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
I 'm not going to lie , I 've never really liked the Acer brand in general .
Would do business again .
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased .
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop .
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product .
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare .
I would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
However the frozen screens kept happening .
Made interneting ( part of my business ) very difficult to maintain .
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made .
dell is a decently made pc .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
Awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful UX .
However , it did not have any scratches , ZERO battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked .
However , a NETBOOK will be a different story .
It took so much time .
Memory is upgradable .
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac .
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac .
When my Dell laptop gave up only after 2 1/2 years , I decided to buy MacBook Pro .
Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
Honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
* IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP , THIS IS NOT IT !
It is , however , very heavy .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it .
Handles all my basic media needs easily .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
Should be there by the end of the week ( again ... ) .
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent .
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
It doesnt get hot like my PC , with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime I forget how to do something i just google it .
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
But I needed a laptop for school use .
I realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
Despite the plethora of problems , I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
I 'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer .
The display is beyond horrible .
It 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I 'm struggle with finding the correct keys ( but that was expected ) .
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support .
I did n't like one thing about it .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
So glad I have gone this route !!
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
I also made a recovery USB stick .
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
Great battery , speed , display .
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
Thanks , MacConnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $ 250 loss .
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased .
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
Other Thoughts : I love newegg , I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
Great value , fast delivery - Computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
Runs very smoothly .
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
Oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP .
They are not .
I 'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect . . i It is !!
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
Crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
This mac is great !
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
Now I could get myself a cheap computer , that will probably work a whole lot better !
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop .
Stay away from Envy .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
No Cd Rom in the new version there 's no way I 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
Garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
I could n't be more pleased .
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro .
What can I say .
Simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - )
There are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but , I have n't seen them yet .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
Adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
Graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
I can do everything I could before , only faster and more efficiently .
I really wish I had done this years ago .
I ca n't honestly say I was heartbroken .
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too !
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I could n't .
You just get a trial version either way .
Just a month and a half or two months ago , my VAIO crashed again .
I like it !
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
The configuration is perfect for my needs .
The port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you ca n't see the plug at all , it 's just gone .
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM .
But , like I said before , the only reason I do n't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
It started out getting hot after only a few months .
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable .
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary .
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
It 's fast , quiet , incredibly small and affordable compared to other Mac models .
I did not take the class and wish that I would have .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection .
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
Before I begin , I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy .
It Was a great deal after all .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
I want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
It was fast , and it was " different " .
This is my first LG product .
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
This one still has the CD slot .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
I did not like my acer .
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
Great purchase and I definitely did n't miss out on the Black Friday deals .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
Yes , I have it on the highest available setting .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily .
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
Mom , Dad , Brother , sister , You name it !
On 3 July 2004 , I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $ 150
It runs perfectly .
It 's a good fix , in my opinion .
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
GREAT INVESTMENT !
I 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and Apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
they improved nothing else such as Resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
A * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
Many people complain about the new OS , and it 's urgent for Apple to fix it asap !
Then the hard drive failed ;
The right speaker did not work .
I 'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100 % that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
It is better than my old acer laptop .
And , if you are going to deal with HP be careful .
It is very well built .
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook , just was n't sure which one .
In the shop , these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before .
Does exactly what I bought it 4 .
Also stunning colors and speedy
What a waste .
I am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
Strong build though which really adds to its durability .
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
and if u did .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like I will have to as well .
Still pretty pricey , but I 've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund , and finally got to use it .
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
After that the said it was under warranty .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price , but totally worth it for a good piece of mind .
The machine itself is alright .
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs ( Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc ) !
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
Quick and has built in virus control .
I can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
The screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV .
*** The review below is no longer relevant , Apple has fixed the issue .
also it is light weight compared to others .
Apple care included .
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO !
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
I did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one .
Newegg 's RMA service was great as always , I contacted them late Friday night , and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday .
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet .
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
Thank God for " ctrl Z " Bottom line , I 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
Quietest laptop I have ever owned .
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing .
he ca n't stand it .
The 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
I am very happy with my first Mac .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
Now I know !
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it !
So glad I decided to upgrade !
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
I dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 ( in PC enabled with USB3 ) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
The only thing that I have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
They also use two totally different operating systems .
I needed a laptop with big storage , a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem .
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
1 ) Payed $ 2200 for a " premium " laptop
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down .
HP said it was out of warranty .
I 'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up .
It 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook .
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
I never tried any external mics with that iMac .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
Before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
Really great ... Well let me start at the beginning .
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
I like this machine because its very lightweight ...
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
You will fall in love with it in no time .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
! so nice . . stable . . fast . . now i got my SSD !
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and USB ports inoperative .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
I have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
No hassle and no complaints .
They are so realistic I am just speechless .
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
- They reported that the computer is in their headquarters .
but after i got used to it i love it .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
Let 's just get this out of the way , I love Apple !
A great college tool !
" For one , I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
My smart phone is faster !
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
Its a good laptop for its value .
I love the form factor .
iTunes is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an iPod .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion .
You 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
I use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
It will make life so much easier next semester , just wish I had it last semester !!
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
I like the laptop overall .
Thank you so much for the great item .
This is a great little computer for the price .
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
The bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
I spent 2200 dollars on a " top of the line laptop " .
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive .
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
I have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
They click .
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
This was a gift for my grand son .
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
It feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
Though you get a polite person , you often don t get a solution .
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
Buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac .
I love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention PC 's require .
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used .
They also have a longer service life than other computers ( I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks ) .
thanks for great service and shipping !
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the Mac .
I can do pretty much 75 % of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
Lord HAVE MERCY !
This machine rocks !
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home , and it runs just fine .
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
I got the first " Blue screen of death " in the early part of July .
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
Summary : They played games with me for the warranty period .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs .
It was quite easy .
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
I took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their Geek Squad headquarters .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006 .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside .
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
The machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
It 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
I think that they are the best out on the market .
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27 " iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers .
I Hate it !
apple and quess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
There is no " tools " menu .
It 's a nice little gadget .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
I was WRONG !
It still serves me well both in business and home needs .
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
I loved it .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
I LOVE it !
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
I 've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back .
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
Just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
I am a college student and it has been very useful .
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
Obviously , this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way .
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME !
This is perfect for her field .
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
They are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA !
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan .
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
I 'm going back to PC .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
I took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that Apple started it all .
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
And I 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
It is so much easier to use
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
All in all , I 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with HP as a whole .
Then it ceased charging at all .
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
I just got this laptop for college , and so far I am very happy with it .
The speakers on it are useless too .
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install , but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu .
I love the 15 " MacBook Pro .
I am still in the process of learning about its features .
They would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it .
That includes transferring my music and movies .
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also !
So do n't get it .
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
While I mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , I 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I 've come to appreciate from Mac laptops .
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs , but he thinks it is worth every penny .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it .
So much faster and sleeker looking .
I am an Info Sys major in college , so I started researching this issue on my own .
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
I HATE this one .
Have returned that laptop unused .
The technical support was not helpful as well .
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
Do you ever think HP would do that ? NEVER !
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
If anything , I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses .
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
I 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
Since I never really got to use this , I ca n't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them .
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
It 's color is even cool .
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
not something you want to miss out on !!!
I started hainv problems with it within the first month .
I am just ONE of the million customers .
I 'm going back to DELL .
I 'll stick to Tashiba .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
The keyboard is too slick .
Toshiba is a great brand , even though I have n't had it for a long time , I am very happy with it !
might have to buy one for me now , since I use it all the time .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy .
If you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
Not a scratch or mark on it .
It is easy to use , good quality and good price .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
I am loving the fast performance also .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
Why not 5 stars ?
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
It was definelty a smart move .
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
The delivery was fast , and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro .
BTW , I checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that I was not alone , far from it .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
If you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied .
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
Yeah , to you .
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions , this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer .
Did n't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
Also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " Star Wars " saga .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
This ai n't it .
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months .
So if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
Also , it hardly ever crashes .
Be safe buy a Sony .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
It 's software and speed enable it to do amazing things .
It 's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
it was a tough choice .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
This laptop serves all my needs .
It does n't heat up like my old laptop .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
Small and still VERY powerful .
Will probably never buy a HP again .
All you have to do is turn it on and it works .
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too !
Built-in apps are purely amazing .
Not even safe mode boots .
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
The pricing is very competitive .
Boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
It has a very high performance , just for what I needed for .
Simply amazing computer !!
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment .
I 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
In November my computer messed up entirely and would n't power on after intalling a Windows update , I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
I am not happy with my purchase
It is fast and easy to use .
There are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
Very small and portable I 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It 's better than expected .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
My laptop now has no battery .
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
I do not plan on going back .
And Toshiba is a quality supplier .
While many people brag about Mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC , but once I got the hang of it , I do n't want to go back .
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
Thank you for your great product !
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired .
What 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
Granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my Mac boots up noticeably quicker .
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
Hope this helps !
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys .
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
Setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
Extremely disappointed with the way it is .
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
They told me to reprogram the computer , and I did n't need to do that , and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her life .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
Went silently .
The local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some Toshiba satellite .
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
He 's thrilled with his new laptop .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
returned it .
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes .
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem .
My husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
I would suggest this product to anyone .
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
Suffice it to say , my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
I will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
More relieved than anything .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
It 's a joke .
Other than that I do n't have one complaint in the world !
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
Then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
I was so happy with my new Mac .
I love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
They do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better .
The MAC Mini , wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done .
This has happened three times so far .
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone .
The computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
It 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family .
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access .
Even though it is running Snow Leopard , 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel .
Very fast for my needs .
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid ( I have tried both Motorola and HTC ) plugged into the USB port .
The 13 " MacBook Pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
In addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
I expected so as it 's an Apple product , but I was glad to see my expectations exceeded , this is THE laptop to buy right now .
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys .
Keyboard responds well to presses .
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
Its pretty much fire it up and go .
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air .
this is starting off good .
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
There are several programs for school or office use ( Pages , Numbers , Keynote , etc. ) , music ( Garageband ) , photo management ( Photo Booth , iPhoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( iMovie ) , etc .
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key .
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
I also liked the glass screen .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
I have never had an experience like this .
That day !
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
bought notebook 07/2009 .
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous .
I was considering buying the Air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
Its worth every Penny .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
I had never owned a Mac before ;
But for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
I use it mostly for content creation ( Audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
The screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
It 's not a recommendation , it ' a plea .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
Yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
Dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop .
Not super light but still a good one .
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs .
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $ 962 :) .
The graphics are stunning .
There 's literally no way to make it sing with Vista .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
Minis make sense for a lot of people .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
They replaced it and so far so good .
It was always getting froze up .
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
however , I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
Who could n't love a DVD burner , 80-gigabyte HD , and fairly new graphics chip ? As I soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
It 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
packing and everything was perfect
It ca n't get any better .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
NO STAR FOR THIS TRASH . [ ...
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
Finally , I could n't take it anymore and ordered my Apple .
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one .
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
I have three words : Piece of Junk !
Performance is much much better on the Pro , especially if you install an SSD on it .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
This is no exception .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
I 'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for .
If you have to ask you do n't own a Mac and your just not in the know .
It did n't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS .
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
Just a black screen !
This is a great machine !
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner ( ! ) .
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5 .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
This computer is the ideal college companion .
I will not be using that slot again .
This comes in very handy for me as an educator .
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they FINALLY agreed to replace it , ( ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS !
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
The only thing I do n't understand is that the resolution of the screen is n't high enough for some pages , such as Yahoo!Mail .
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
Simple to use , and great graphics .
I 'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product .
It also does not have bluetooth .
( 3DMARK6 score is only 8500 ) .
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer I got ( that WAS worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the Docking port .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
The Apple will run Internet Explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
The battery life is great .
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
I have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
Apple did a great job .
I guess he was the technical person .
Oh , boy !
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift , and i 'm totally ( almost kind of maybe definitely ) obsessed with it .
It has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
It doesnt work worth a damn .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
I waited and waited and no laptop .
Startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
They are n't worth the money , even though they are on the cheap side , laptop speaking .
I 'm now trying to decide on another Dell model .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
I have been a PC user since middle school , but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side , or should I say the brighter side of life .
I claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
I have an iPhone , and iPad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini .
I 've always used PC 's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac .
This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
Buyer Beware .
PC users work in Word , while Mac users work in Pages .
And I can attach my projector to it .
And this is n't just my one experine .
I used windows XP , windows Vista , and Windows 7 extensively .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
The love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes .
GET THIS MACHINE
They have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop .
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ) .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
I wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so I was directed to a nice looking HP Laptop .
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
Great overall .
DEFINITELY recommended !!!
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
I 'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro !
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything .
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
So I got another netbook which I love !
It is very durable , I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
OSX Lion is a great performer . . extremely fast and reliable .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and I 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but I still expected better product quality for this price range .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
- got it back 3 months later
Still not bad for 220.00 .
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
? I am only interested in the 15.4 McBook Pro Model # MD103LL/A
It 's solid .
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
It crashes , and when it goes flat , it just DIES ( like a PC , maybe worse ) and I loose all my open documents !
Unfortunately , the laptop I purchased was also a Dell and again , I have to say i hated it .
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
Good luck with your purchase options .
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
Obviously we both got new Macs .
breaks easily .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
OSX Mountain Lion soon to upgrade to Mavericks .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon !
EITHER WAY , THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY .
It is a bit heavy .
Either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
so i called technical support .
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars !
I would never buy a Dell again .
It was weird .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both !
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
( I definatly ca n't ) .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003 .
It 's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc !
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista , yet I know Vista is n't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista ( I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system ) .
Overall for the money this is a good deal .
The display is awesome .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product .
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
Received the product promptly and without any issues .
So far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the HP I replaced .
And if you are switching from a pc I hilghy sugest this one .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro Model # MD101LL/A .
Every single one we 've gotten we 've had problems with .
The price is higher than most lab top out there ; however , he/she will get what they paid for , which is a great computer .
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
HUGE Apple MAC Fan !
It is the worst laptop ever
Save your money and go for a better device .
But , Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy .
I finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
Second , it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone .
I love the multi-touch trackpad .
Now , the next issue I had freaked me out .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
Comes with iMovie ;
First , you ll discover that the word processing program known as Appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
The only downfall is the volume control .
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so I sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
User upgradeable RAM and HDD .
Great things come in small " packages .
believe me apple has a reputation .
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
Very good quality and well made .
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue .
Exactly that , users .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2 .0 hrs when not plugged in .
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side , In the way of operating a mouse in small area .
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
but it came back in even worse shape .
Very Very Highly Recommended .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
The machine is speedy and efficient .
It 's ok but does n't have a disk drive which I did n't know until after I bought it .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
Enjoy using Microsoft Office !
True quality at a great price !
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
Very happy .
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
I took it back for a full refund .
As for the laptop , this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years .
Some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
It is a cheap throw together .
I made the right decision .
Probbly the worst decision we ever made !
Everything else just install and go .
It can not save the correct date and time I set .
This is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
For this purpose , it 's great .
Laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
I love the operating system and the preloaded software .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
What can I say , It 's an Apple .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business .
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
C'mon , LG .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500GB instead of 320GB ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
Delivery was early too .
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive .
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
I do not know for sure .
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing .
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
The screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
I did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
My Macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
From the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
But you must get the 15 inch .
I am not much of a computer techie , so I can understand some of the internal problems , though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
for 2 months .
My MacBook Pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used .
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which I miss on my Apple laptops .
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when I click on it it says : " Consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full charge .
They are simpler to use .
However , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
It is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
Im glad that it has such great features in it .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead .... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 " MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 " ( Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
I will never buy another HP computer .
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
- Complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
NO good .
In the three years I 've had my MacBook Pro , I have never had a virus on my computer , and I do a lot of work on the internet .
Besides being elegant , the MacBooks are durable .
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time .
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC .
They refuse .
Its perfect , not much heavy .
At first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life .
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed .
was a great deal i will give that .
We carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the LCD just " slide " downwards .
Nothing wrong with this computer at all !
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
The graphics are great .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
Well , they do n't care a bunch .
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting .
- Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
It was a laugh too !
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing .
2 . The wireless card is low quality .
So far , so good .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
This device has met my expectations and I 'm sure it will meet yours .
I love a " pc " but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
It is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
It 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008 , we wanted Windows XP , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with Vista .
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop .
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned .
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional , Windows 7 Home Premium , Windows Server Enterprise 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise .
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
I was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it .
I am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
But then , something goes wrong .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade !
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem .
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764 .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
I should have sent it back to them then .
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased .
Received all four in good order ;
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful , well worth it .
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
I am very pleased with my purchase !
The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
I was said it 's videocard .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
The battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
Its a pretty decent computer .
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
Great Performance and Quality .
Let me tell you , this machine is great .
Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more .
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
Which is what I did , check out my ACER 5517 !
returned it to walmart .
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
That is my only complaint !
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
It 's super fast and a great value for the price !
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
And windows 7 works like a charm .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
It 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student , so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
Asked the customer service rep.
I re-seated the " WLAN " card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
I previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( If I am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
Two of the times was in one month .
So this was great for me .
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding .
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell ( not to say Dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN .
See retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop .
I 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
the battery is irreplaceable .
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie Internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
Very nice so far .
Love the speed , especially !
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
the two of us use it regularly .
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
It is BLAZING fast !
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
Typically , when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
The battery has never worked well .
This laptop is insane !!!
If you have much higher expectations than that ... I would look elsewhere .
But I 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
In short I would never buy a Compaq again .
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
We both recently got new laptops .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
Apple is living up to its name with the mini and , for our needs , it 's perfect .
I like the brightness and adjustments .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
All the problems I have had with PC 's are solved with a Mac : the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
Screen is crystal clear , yes it 's small - but it 's a netbook !
Guess I 'll stay away from HP .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
No problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
So I called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , I just chose to hide the message .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
So far , I have no complaints .
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO .
I do n't really have a complaint .
After doing CAD work all day at work , using a higher end PC , I could n't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer .
Was not happy with one of the programs on it .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
Speakers does n't sound that great .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart .
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
It 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 1000
It is everything that I would want in a computer .
Words can not express how much I love my new Mac .
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication , HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note .
The computer blinks it shuts off at will .
The OS is fast and fluid , everything is organized and it 's just beautiful .
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues !
Then only FOUR months later , my great MacBook pro FAILED .
Mac is not made for gaming .
I am ADDICTED to photo booth !
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
Screen is bright and gorgeous .
You can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps , it needs signature to pove that you received it .
I do not recommend this company or their products !!!!
All was well .
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time .
Luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the Mac Mini is priced just right .
Avoid this model .
:) Great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
We are addicted to the Mac .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
I have not have any problems .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
They say sorry out of warranty .
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I wo n't have to worry about a crash .
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
It does n't have a lot of frills , but I did n't need any , and being able to buy what I needed , and not more than I needed was very important .
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems !
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening .
I highly recommend this product !
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
It 's the mid 2012 version .
Good in every aspect .
I would recommend not buying this product .
It 's A MAC !!
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
they had to replace the motherboard in April
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
After purchasing this thing , I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
So noise is reduced at least 50 % and the heat is much better , now it does n't feel hot but warm .
It 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why I bought it in the first place .
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
So it was only about 2 weeks ago .
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
Graphics are much improved .
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
Which was way too much money .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
IT IS TRASH !
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems .
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
Great product .
It completely supports my home business and personal life .
It 's annoying very much and I wo n't ever buy any Acer products .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
This machine was a horrible experience .
) I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
its by far faster and more stable then my PC .
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
I Contacted HP about this situation and was given excuses , without results .
I loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows OS ) until this started happening .
I did add a SSD drive and memory
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
All of them were Windows machines .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
It 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
I 've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
defective software .
I 'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you 's .
- Apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
But not in this case .
I mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
Time will tell .
Premium price for the OS more than anything else .
It is the best all around Mac .
I love its solid build , light wt and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
Yeah , it 's super expensive .
It 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur .
I should have been more observant .
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you 're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I 've never used a computer that performs better .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
Also , macbooks come with much more features which are so cool !
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , TOPS !
Still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
In summary , take your money elsewhere .
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
- Stay away from Apple , or hope you laptop does not break down .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
Please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
If someone called me an Apple Fanboy ... it would make sense .
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
Okay , let 's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
We did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
I am a freelance graphic artist .
No viruses .
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
A cheaper price should not equal a " cheap " product .
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
When it broke I wanted another Acer and chose the V5 .
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009 .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
They do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
( I had been a Windows/Linux user before this ) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for ( Internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
at first !
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
I went from BestBuy to Dell , Windows to Apple .
Take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
I love this 13 " Mac white unibody .
I had to have these computers in my school .
Two times with in one month .
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
I recommend the Macbook Pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
My friends are in awe every time they come over !
Nice screen , keyboard works great !
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
I have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
The 4 USB ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too !
I 'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted , but I did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well .
I use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP , well , I 'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone !
its sad because their commercials are great .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to " FM " as opposed to the default " CD .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
It was n't worth it .
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life AMAZING .
Its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " Buy " and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
This laptop is a great buy .
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8 .
The benefits were immediate !
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems , as well .
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying .
After using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
It 's also fairly easy to use the Operating System .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
But , for the cost this is a winner .
3 ) Horrible customer support
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
HP said I had done the damage .
Better stick with another brand .
They freeze all the time .
I do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
Set up was a breeze .
The Notebook PC , Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me .
Of course , eMachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
while about 8 years ago , I hope that the quality has changed .
I 'm done with WinDoze computers .
All I can say is I am impressed .
First things first , Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
I honestly love my mac , thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict .
I should have kept my big , old HP .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
* 6th week * - They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
Note that I do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
You will need them if you want to reload the OS ( I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded .
Love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
When i finally held it in my hands i kissed it , yes i did .
I 've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009 .
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
The book is useless .
Keyboard could use some trimming .
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
Buy it , love it , and I promise you wo n't regret it .
I 'm very happy with this machine !
This computer was awful !
Many thanks , Overstock.com .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
This laptop has only 2 USB ports , and they are both on the same side .
In addition , all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
This is the first macbook I have ever had .
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
Needs constant repair .
99 to fix it .
Web access through the 3G network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING .
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had .
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
You just can not beat the functionality of an Apple device .
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
This is definitely a computer worth the money ;
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first .
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for ) .
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it .
But I was completely wrong , this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use .
My bag just got a little lighter .
Just for a stupid CD .
You may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service , on my Eee PC I get 3 bars .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
Considering another computer should be out of the question
i love the keyboard and the screen .
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
It really is perfect for work and play .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
He LEFT ME , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
It easily fits into most computer bags but does n't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks .
I bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program .
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
The settings are not user-friendly either .
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
Once again , I was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
Being only 2 months old , I am not a happy camper !
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife .
So , I went back .
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc , is not hard at all .
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews , but I 've found it fine to work with .
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
just chill and enjoy .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
Apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
We used PC products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
Get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
Being a tech savvy , APPLE - product loving person , I 'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro !
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells .
I should have checked this before I installed my applications .
It 's light and easy to transport .
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch .
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s .
I ordered through MacMall , which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally .
Also , I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
Yet , HP wo n't do anything about the problem .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
It is just slow slow slow .
I have had many , many issues with PC 's in the past and I 'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution !
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
Design : very durable .
A little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
Everything is so easy to use , Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software .
Do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
Now , as easy as it is to use , and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop .
I hope to edit this in the next few hours , I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7 .
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from !
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
- When battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair ( 26th of August ) .
By week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though I did not use it too much .
NO more Lenovo for me .
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
One more thing , this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables .
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
Its a dog plain and simple .
Its still going .
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days .
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
Awesome graphics !
Could n't have asked for more !
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook , I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros .
not the day received .
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
Fast , great visual !
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING .
I think it was seventy nine plus tax .
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
It 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... In resume : it 's a Mac !
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
This thing is a lemon .
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
To me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam ... Definite Buy ...
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with .
Currently if I use the laptop I ca n't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs .
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
They 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
I am so happy to have purchased this computer .
Most of them were either too big , too noisy and too slow after 2 years .
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi .
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
This is not Best Buy 's fault .
4gb of ram ...
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about .
I hate it .
This mouse is terrific .
Who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple .
They definitely have a superior product !
I ca n't imagine EVER buying a PC again !
I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
Although my model was listed as recalled , HP denied my claim .
The only thing I miss are the " Home/End " type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
Also , HDD secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
HELP , HELP , OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER .
The internet speed is spectacular .
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad .
Took it back as it was defective .
Because it IS a defective product .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
Will not buy another Toshiba , this is my second , not happy w / either .
Good luck .
The pictures are clear as can be .
Satisfy what I paid for it .
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind . . I love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is Fast and clear as can be .
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box .
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it .
I wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
I can see why the have soooo much money .
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
But , I would recommend this product .
Posted Nov 8 , 2010 - Two weeks ago I bought this notebook .
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
Stay away from HP .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
It is held in place magnetically .
Its fast , has High definition quality in the videos .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
It 's outstanding too .
The battery is really long .
I do everything on this computer - check email , facebook , shop , check blogs , write papers , listen to music , and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
My son said it popped up and he clicked update .
another satisfied customer .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
Probably wo n't work either .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13 " in April , and I loved it .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
I love it so much .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM .
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC !!
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
A seventy dollar mouse !
I asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
I can throw anything at it ( and I do ) , Pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
Downfalls : sharp edges .
It 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
Keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that I do .
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
Apple " Help " is a mixed bag .
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop !
Recommended to people as their first laptop .
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it .
Sound card is limited though .
There has been no problem with anything .
Not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
After 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU ( similar to the $ 799 Mini ) , with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card ( this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
It 's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem .
It quit working within a weeks time .
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac .
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
ive never had a problem with it !
I fell in love with my machine , and it was pampered .
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I 've ever bought .
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro , it is clean and organized , which I always strive to be myself .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
And it 's so quiet that I do n't hear it at all .
It was at my door in less than 24 hours .
It is the best laptop ever !!!
Again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
It is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
Out of the box I noticed how small it was and was exactly what I was looking for .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
I paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
They do n't crash .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
Speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac .
The specs are pretty good too .
Logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
That 's how frustrating it was .
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC !
When I took it back to Best Buy I asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work .
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
Great OS , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
i 'm returning mine
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
The only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
It 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
When considering a Mac , look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag .
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it .
I have a lapdesk which I can use , but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
I thought the price was great for the specs .
With today 's company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone .
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
I also purchased Office Max 's " Max Assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
Great laptop that offers many great features !
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it !
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
Price and purpose is awesome !
Overall very impressed , Thank you Apple and Amazon !
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
I am a full Mac convert now .
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
It really is very light compared to other computers .
That 's a huge difference .
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
I was a little worry at first because I do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it .
I shopped around before buying .
Dismantle the whole thing ? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
It seems to be incompatible with everything else .
I was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
No Viruses !
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
Dell sucks
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best .
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop .
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket !
It is very slim , the track pad is very much impressed with me .
Being a PC user my whole life ....
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
Overall a nice computer .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
Highly recommend for daily use .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
I wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
wonderful features .
Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
5 months dead again .
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it 's better than ever .
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
Easy to set up and go !
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS .
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier .
Basic computer .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
Ive had to call tech support many times .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly .
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since .
Since I 've had this computer I 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
English must have been his third or fourth language .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
When the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
2nd Mac book I have purchased from MacConnection .
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
Besides the great look , it is a great machine .
Overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP , I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS .
I love it !
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised .
5 ) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
I 'm going to try and keep my old G4 on the road for as long as possible .
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the Smithsonian ) After on Hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
For me , five stars is not enough .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
So you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
Replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
Their products , including the MBP , are beautiful , sleek and clever .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
Originally bought it for my wife .
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone , but this Netbook was a very poor computer .
It works really well .
Called tech support and got the usual Acer " We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " I explained there was no software involved in booting .
So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped .
I love the glass touchpad .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
VERY disappointing :
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP , but I use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC .
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
company provides UPS shipping , fast , great !
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games ( WoW ) to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
We now own two of these , identical .
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowlede .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
Out of all the laptops I have owned , this is by far the best !
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
The Awesomest of the awesomest .
2 months later , the battery went .
It has everything you need to get the job done .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
I have had a Mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to PC .
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
They removed them and returned the computer to me .
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
WIth the upgraded memory , the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
He has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
Have used only Macs for years .
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow .
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would .
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
A scratch on a $ 1,500 MacBook is unforgivable .
It is so speedy .
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
Overall this laptop is great .
Even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
This was a great deal for a decked out MacBook Pro .
The best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
To this day , there are NONE .
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
The games included are very good games .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
All I can say is W-O-W .
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro .
Again .
Right out of the box , this little netbook did everything I asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
I have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( I even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
Perfect -- thanks so .
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was .
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import .
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
You might think , I am new in this game , but I am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
Excellent speed for processing data .
I was psyched .
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
I called apple and no solution .
Fully charged , the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged .
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
Of course , I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork , GarageBand , and iMovie .
Startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
I love the Apple products .
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me .
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
Exactly as posted plus a great value .
Do n't waste your money !
I 've only had it one day , but I really do love it and I 'm happy it was economical and I 'm finally able to own a Mac !
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
Its everything mac offers .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
The screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
He did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good .
its more like a snail crawl .
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
great battery life .
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using .
So , I 'm cooled on Mac buys .
I love this computer .
Bigger HD , better graphics card , and a bid HD .
Love it so far .
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
I 'm glad I bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
Great wifi too .
If you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
I 'll wait and save up for a new one .
Needless to say , not to happy with the product .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
I stayed up half the night enjoying my new MacBook Pro .
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT !
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I 'm happy I switched .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
I 've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates .
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
After paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP .
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
But in fact it is totally the opposite .
She said Wal Mart rants and raves abouy carring Dell because it 's a big name but they are a piece of garbage .
Very powerful especially for the money .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
When I turned it on , nothing .
I would not recommend this product to anyone .
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest .
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
Like the price and operation .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
My ONLY issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
Looking online , many people are having the same problem .
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
I do n't know why I did n't make the switch sooner ... o ya because it 's expensive .
Amazing Quality !
The # 1 reason that is always repeated .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
The Macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it .
They really screwed the pooch on this one .
Unfortunately , it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April .
Hieroglyphics are quite common .
- they lost my laptop for a month
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
It WORKS !
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
I 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
Few viruses to catch ;
Very fast and efficient !
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
I have the A65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
Needless to say a PC that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is DESIGNED to fail !
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
I did a review on it , its awesome .
We were occasional Mac users before , but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford .
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on .
The OS is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
It 's so bad that I 'm thinking I only got half a battery or something .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
It all just makes sense .
It 's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it .
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
I would say that 85 % of the design industry is Mac for good reason .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
After 5 months of failed repairs , requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue .
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC .
I 've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer .
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
Since I have always used Apple products , the choice of Macbook Pro was obvious .
It does n't bother me though .
Solution : it turned out to be pretty simple .
Well , I started using Google Chrome , which is a little better , but it freezes too sometimes .
I am pleased with the fast log on , speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
I 'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC !!!
This was the same problem with my MacBook ( circa 2007 ) that I just retired .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs ( 4 ) , and a driver/application DVD .
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba .
I ' v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
I am taking back today .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
Very annoying .
Added an iMac about 2 years later .
also the battery is completely shot .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
I love this piece of equipment , It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro .
It is a REAL touchpad , not the toy I saw in other brands .
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them " de-bugged " .
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple .
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
We love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook , it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop .
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
However , the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
The criticism has waned , and now I 'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me .
All of the programs ( Keynote , Pages , Numbers ) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
I 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it ( that 's about how long the port seems to last ) .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
It 's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it .
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine !
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
It has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and abilitiy .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
I babyed the heck out of it and i still do .
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
Amazing machine .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks .
The battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
It came before the day it supposed to which is great .
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
I like it so much , I bought another just for my wife .
If that is the case , then I am completely happy
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to Louisville Ky .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
It 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
Very satisfied .
Overall , it 's ok .
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped .
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
I ca n't even remember how I finally got it taken care of , but I was done with Sony after that !
I paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
I 'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE .
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I do n't run accross a situation like this again !
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
I really do n't like it , but I am stuck .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
It may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
She told me flatly , " It 's like that one .
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
Sent unit back and it 's been two months .
I got the new adapter and there was no change .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini .
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage .
I worked in IT retail sales before .
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
Do n't waste your money or time .
It is SO much fun to play with .
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
So , buyers beware !
It 's so useable and responsive .
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
It is so simple to use , I use it more than my desktop .
The new os is great on my macbook pro !
I 've tried going back to XL but there still problems .
Before , I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer 's site .
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
The baterry is very longer .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date .
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused .
The acer one compuer is a great computer .
But if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
Set up was easy .
I would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run MS Office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , I 'd highly recommend checking this out .
Runs Hot I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD 'd during that time !
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
It was returned on the third day I owned it .
I 'm very impressed .
Which it did not have , only 3 USB 2 ports .
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase !
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE .
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned .
After paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
the speed is fine .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
I have nothing to regret from this new product .
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV .
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it .
I 've had this laptop for about a month now .
It 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
- No backlit keyboard , but not an issue for me .
The item received was exactly as identified .
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags .
i love ths notebook .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones .
It out performs any other laptop on the market today .
But until now , no complains at all .
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
The built quality is really good , I was so Happy and excited about this Product .
That being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
I am very satisfied with the mini .
* 4 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam , decided to send complaint email to Apple .
It was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC 's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
That 's very possible , but since they do n't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine , I was stuck until Windows 7 came out .
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school , I had a hard time from beginning .
I Love my new computer !
The thunderbolt port is awesome !
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare .
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " Senior Tech " .
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier , and I 'm glad that I did it .
Well , maybe I was just very unlucky .
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC 's .
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
It 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port , HDMI , ethernet and 3 USB ports .
Enough said .
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( I prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the brightness .
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it .
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
I will be patient for few months .
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
So , you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , I just didnt really wan na spend the money but Im glad that I did .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
This thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything I could ask for .
I am most impressed with the programming , including the iPhoto .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
I 've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
From the get-go , the M6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk .... this is in an un-air conditioned room ..... in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
It 's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small .
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
It 's very annoying .
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
In my house , HP is a nasty word .
The only bad part is the size/weight .
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time .
I burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so I can place it there .
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours .
working with Mac is so much easier , so many cool features .
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
It is easy to use and lightweight .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
Finally , I purchased a Toshiba .
been a PC user for many , many years .
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
it was shooting sparks !
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as I am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before I bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as I am used to a bigger one and pounding .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
I would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors !!!!
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products .
WiFi capability , disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon .
It turned out it 's not really a problem to have a Mac .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
I ca n't say enough good for it !
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
very very slow laptop .
The laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
It should n't happen like that , I do n't have any design app open or anything .
ASUS said my net-book was working properly .
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
Winters is on it 's way and I imagine it will be cozy .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
I 've had friends with Acers who seem to have had similar or exact same problems .
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
I highly recommend that you buy this product .
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products .
It 's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
I am stuck with a laptop that I can not do very much with .
I am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
After years of using PCs , a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
The minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
they have not sent a new one nor called .
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
Gave phonenumber .
This worked just fine .
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
It 's great to have a solid Mac in the living room .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
All the yada-yada .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
I also got the added bonus of a 30 " HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
I 'm using this computer for word processing , web browsing , some gaming , and I 'm learning programming .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
There were small problems with Mac office .
We 'll save our money to replace it with a Mac again !
Also is portable and reliable .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
It is really thick around the battery .
It 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
Where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
It would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
This is a great computer .
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for .
At least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
You will regret it if you buy any dell .
- Managed to send complaint email .
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
With a healthy pessimism , I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
I love my macbook pro !
So not having my laptop was discouraging .
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what I know now , I would not buy it at that price .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem .
But I did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan .
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
Honestly , I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
That defeated the whole point of a laptop .
It super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
The gray color was a good choice .
The quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
This is my first computer purchase
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world .
PLEASE MAKE THESE !
I love this little one .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
But reasons we chose this Apple computer .
Best money I ever spent .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems .
Purchased as a gift for a friend .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66 GHz 15 " Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon did n't have it yet .
This was absolutely annoying !
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC ( a Sony Vaio ) , but it was basically no better than my old PC , so I returned it .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
Turns out this is a common problem .
Was very much worth the price i paid .
I would buy it again in a heartbeat !
One bad thing is it gets hot .
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
It gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
This mac has been a problem since we got it .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I 've ever put my hands on .
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
I 'm pretty sure it 's not newegg 's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop .
I will never go back to Windows !
This was the second computer and brand bought that day .
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
It is super fast , and always loads .
No tutorials on the display .
I had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my State 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy !
I shipped out on Saturday , July 17 .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the Mac OS ) and the range is poor .
They sent out a Sony ' Certified ' technician .
If a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
What a great little laptop .
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
Enough said .
excellent in every way .
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
When I got it , I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
Does everything I need it to , has a wonderful battery life and I could n't be happier .
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini .
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states .
Very disappointed with Apple .
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote .
Acer wo n't replace the laptop .
Then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
It makes a great gift .
Games being the main issue .
Its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are GREAT !
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 " Imacs .
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
After they found no other way , they told me to courier it to them ( since they do n't allow the use of the post office ) at my expense , and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it would n't be covered .
No luck , although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls ( difficult to believe ) .
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse .
With what I paid for this computer it should have had everything on it .
I am very happy I bought this Mac , well worth the extra money .
Great , quick laptop for the money .
Very fast boot up and shut down .
I would definitely suggest this laptop !
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
It 's shiny and it 's pretty .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the LCD ) .
His was worth $ 36 .
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it .
Theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
And in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
I 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
Soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class .
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
My kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers .
I complain again ...
Boots up fast and runs great !
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
I have no problems yet on my mac so far , and hope it stays like that .
If you need an affordable , entry-level laptop , this will fit the bill .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
return it .
10 plus hours of battery ...
At $ 1899 to start , this is no cheap machine .
And inconvenient !
There is nothing to complain about the system .
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO !
I will NEVER buy ( Refurbished ) again , I do n't cae how cheap it is .
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
Anyone who is considering buying an Acer computer of any sort , I seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand .
Everything about this computer is easy to use .
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
The ultimate graduation gift .
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
It did everything we expected !
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room .
I had to pay for the shipping !
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
Runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
Again , decent comp for the price , and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
I am very Happy !
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
I 'm so disgusted that I wasted my money on this product .
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
The price is 200 dollars down .
Macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
I would Highly recommend this MacBook .
Apparently they 're not special anymore .
Buy this .
Unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
The laptop was very easy to set up .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
This system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
Buy the Mac Mini it 's a terribly great machine .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
So far , a great product .
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus .....
Best commuter I have ever owned .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
Definitely worth spending the money on it .
Sony , Acer , Dell , Packard Bell and Toshiba .
Other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed .
Honestly , I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for !
- Estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
Good price .
Not good for a person who gets online daily .
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I 've used .
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
Runs smooth and quick .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
Now , I guess , I 'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
