had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
the phones are awesome .
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
i have always known nokia to provide me with good games on their phones .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
you should too .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
+ screen was good , easy to read
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
- very long-lasting battery life
song transfers were not an issue .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
charged my battery .
and then it breaks .
a card with more memory is a must .
my story is based on personal usage .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
but for now this will do .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
worth every penny !
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
software - the software is crap .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
in addition , you can create play lists where you can create the equivalent to a compilation cd right on your player .
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily .
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .
of course you do !
even if there happened to be identical track titles on the same disc , you could still edit the file name manually and get them both onto the player .
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery .
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz. and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
i was worried about this after seeing a friend change batteries on his olympus after about 20-30 pictures .
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone .
one major complaint :
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) .
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) .
almost there .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i don't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
i 'll just say this .. .
that takes up half the space of mp3 's .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
battery life :
i really have no complaints over this unit .
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
it is easy to " focus " in on the drawbacks , so do n't think i hate this camera .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com .
i purchased it at a retail store , and got an extended warranty .
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
what a mistake !
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox .
i did n't even try the included software .
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
first let me give you the bad things :
synchronizing music among computers , if you have more than one , seems to be an issue ; research this before buying if you have multiple computers you want to be synchronized .
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one !
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
the zen has no stop button .
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious .
it 's worth it .
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
and i finally settled on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
just be aware of it .
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it .
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
no go on most formats .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
you do take your chances with this phone .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
2 ) scroll button / switch
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
overall i like the unit .
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
the speakerphone :
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
it focuses in a snap .
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
yes , the features are numerous .
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
this thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? )
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .
four megapixels is great .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
i wish i could give negative stars !
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
size and style :
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) .
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
learning how to use it will not take very long .
it 's because the 256 player uses flash memory ( smaller / lighter ) and the 30gb uses a hard drive .
we also looked at the fuji fps602 .
i can 't imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
it is small .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
now it would have gotten 5 stars had this baby come with features to upgrade the firmware and was able to play divx or avi videos .
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
apple 's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years its market share will drop significantly .
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity .
well to say , i had a very bad history with players .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
so .. .
but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read .
i ordered 2 .
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
i will say this .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire .
moreover , they want a total of $ 107 to repair it .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
so i was all excited about the ipod but then the day before i went to best buy to check out the other mp3 players and i came across this one .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
definetely a great camera .
" check out " !
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement .
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
after receiving the box from amazon , i proceeded with charging the unit for the specified 4 hours , after which i installed the software and connected the unit to my pc via usb 2.0 .
i wanted something that is able to take high quality photos but not be so bulky that i would wind up leaving it at home all the time .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
audio on video also lacking .
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
you see , i can 't rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with .
very cheaply made .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
i have not used the progressive scan feature .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera ..
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
bait and switch .
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them .
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
i highly recommend the accessory kit , which provides you with everything else you need :
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player .. .
no matter the format .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
i ignored the instruction booklet ( as i do with any product ) and figured out how to organize separate playlists within minutes .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags.
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
i applied a $ 25 amazon gift voucher i got for christmas so i only ended up paying $ 29 for this machine .
proven canon built quality and lens .
with the t-mobile unlimited t-zones for $ 10 , i can check any number of email addresses and use unlimited internet .
with our compact 35mm broken , and a vacation in europe at hand , i finally decided to enter the digital age .
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
3 battery has to be removed to recharge .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
first there 's the unit itself .
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations .. .
this is the best phone i have seen .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
use the rechargeable because that saves you money and helps the environment in a long run .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
it has never worked .
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
now we come to the zen xtra .. .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
so i do n't understand why it would not work with dvds that seem to have more features in them .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine !
none of these features are available because of the ipod 's 1-way transfers - you cannot make changes on the ipod that are premanent .
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
i simply love this feature .
i only have one question , when i add tracks to my nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
guess where this unit is headed ?
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
excellent range of metering options as well .
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
is this how nokia subsidizes their free pc software ?
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
i received this as a gift .
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
other than that this thing is great ...
it is not perfect though .
i am back to using # 1 .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
sold in other parts of the world :
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ).
1 . i do n't need the nomad at the office .
it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer .. . read the manual ).
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
a sliding old fashioned volume knob would also have been easier than the digital version that was included .
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection .
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged .
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one .
size and weight :
* price and capacity
so far the software for the pc works easily .
prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
whatever you do , do n't buy this product .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
it was not my first choice .
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba .
the g2 was better in this respect .
i first bought a 6 gig nomad jukebox ( original ).
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
audio is excellent .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
compusa , memorex , fuji .
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .
advertising pays off i guess .. .
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem .
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
i was cruising around the device within 20 minutes .
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
this is my first digital camera .
the downside -
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com !
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
sent mine back .
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily .
extremely convenient .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
this thing is trash .
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
great quality picture and features .
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty !
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
lastly , you cannot manage anything on the ipod itself .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
the software is great .
awful , awful , awful .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
buy it for fun , for lack of processing , because you want to use iphoto , or whatever .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
i will just say this :
2 ) storage capacity
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
subsequent behavior even worse .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
the battery is nice .
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
their customer service is very poor .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
scroll bar :
the pictures are amazing .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " !
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .
i do hope that they offer more faceplate options .
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
i doubt anyone has ever seen an add or commercial for any other mp3 player .
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .uncomfortable -1
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
for three months , i 've researched the internet and magazines , queried various sales personnel , and took hands-on in-store test drives .
do n't waste your money .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
great price .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
that said , they are pretty sturdy machines and i would n't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory .
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
i have a dvd burner .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
everything else about the camera is great .
now my dissapointments .
what a junk .
this did not give me enough control .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
awesome feature .
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
the other controls are all very easy to use .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
2 . most mp3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
and then you will start to belive them .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00. but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
the interface used could be better designed .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties .
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this .
eg 60 $ for a plastic box to hold 4 aaa batteries to increase the use time past 6-8 hrs ( reviewers figures )
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free .
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
i cannot recommend it enough ! !
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
i highly recommend it .
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . "
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
it worked .
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
8 battery life is excellent .
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten my phone ...
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
- bright , visible screen
the software sucks .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems .
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
i will never buy a creative product again .
you will have a very expensive paperweight .
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo .. .
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive .
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .
now let 's talk about the software .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it does n't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
it took them twice as long to get to my unit as they said .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can 't comment on any problems there .
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
i checked with nokia .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
it is made of plastic .
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
you would then have a phone number in that country and not have to pay for international roaming in that country .
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates .
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
the flash card memory is more expensive but is very light and compact .
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
apex does n't answer the phone .
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
just make sure the keys are locked .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder .. .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires .
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution .
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
they sent me a new ad2600 with the same problem .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
door broke after a month .
after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
like most people , i do n't want to read the instructions , i just want to use it .
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
that 's probably a bad thing .
highly recommended !
i bought this phone when it first came out in the summer .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
i have had no problems with the phone .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
but for what i do use it is perfect .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles , or for those that like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
a 35mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
the quality is superb .
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
the prints are beautiful !
worked for two weeks .
the remote is a little hard to understand .
well worth the money .
i can 't fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
the pro ...
hope i helped !
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
this puts the zen in line with players like the rca jukebox and the whole line of archos players ( the newer ones are a bit better than the original archos jukeboxes ... but i popped out the drive in my 20 gig jukebox recorder and put in a 60 gig drive and use it exclusively as a powered portable usb 2.0 drive ).
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
it was impossible to do so before .
i cancelled the order .
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .
* main dial is not backlit .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
it 's a very intuitive program .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
you can 't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .
that beside you are prob. very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can 't use nomad until you get home .
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd .
( i guess only time will tell ? )
nice little phone ... light compact . .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
it does n't do you any good if a camera has all the features but you can 't access them quickly when you need them !
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
the sound from the player is ok .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
thankfully amazon has free return shipping !
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ).
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
the player itself has all sorts of problems .
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .
i do n't care how it looks and i always drive so the size is not important to me .
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
had no problem with it .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
so what 's the point ?
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .
after finally stumbling upon this zen nx player , i knew i had found what i was looking for .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
i didnt wait to experiment .
what the heck is up with the 2600 .
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs .
the image quality is excellent .
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .
the camera has a wonderful set of features .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
do n't get fooled by the 5 megapixel marketing hype .
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc.
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
that 's been my experience .
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
flash card memory vs. hard drive ( i.e. why does a 256 mb player cost $$$...and a 40 gb ( 40,000 mb ) player only cost
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
i love this player .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased .
the software failed repeatedly .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
after much research i decided on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it !
the battery life is amazing .
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
lot 's of other features that i need to find out about .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables .
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
- no propietary headset jack
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
you have to buy better ones .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
carry your entire collection !
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
added 2-24 .
apex sucks !
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
card reader is included .
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor; not major ones though ,
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
at $ 49 .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) .
gee ... thanks a lot creative .
seriously ! i love it !
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
24 hours ?
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
its great .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
they are not wowable good .
i cannot stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
i can 't believe people continue to pay those prices .
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers .
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
i am new to the whole digital camera thing ; well , new to the whole camera thing period , really .
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
you can edit the genres once the songs are on the play if you decide to re-classify things later .
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
it has many great features and very few bad ones .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
minor gripe .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
i love it ! !
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend .
i am still trying to resolve it four months later .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
this is pretty cool .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
that was a mistake .
take the time to fill in those tags !
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem ..
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
is it a coincidence that i no longer can get any of your nomad zen xtras ( worst name ever ) at best buy and now the 60gb nomad xtra is " sold out " or more likely " discontinued " at the almighty amazon.com ?
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .
is my unit defective ?
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
nothing but hassle with this company .
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture .
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
i purchased one of these to replace an ailing dvd player that 's a few years old .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
moving the viewfinder elsewhere on the camera will remove the lens distortion but increase the parallax phenomenon .
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
i do n't think i was asking too much .
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
a somewhat more troublesome problem is that the internet site will sometimes give different discs of the same set slightly different names .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them .
buy the re-seller 's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
the bottom line :
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
the vibrate setting is loud !
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
what is up .
it 's money down the drain .
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
a short range fm transmitter would be much nicer .
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
the g3 looks like a work of art !
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
look / design :
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month .
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered .
go get it .
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take .
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
i can 't comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .
i cannot say enough good things about the people who answer the phones .
it has a nice color screen .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
sure enough there is no such ability .
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .
a big plus in my book .
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .
the i/p button switches the tv display between interlace and progressive .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
the pros :
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly .
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
the second one is up and running .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
go for it ...
do n't buy this player .
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
get one now !
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
when it arrives , you press the shutter release .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
do not buy this product --
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
great features .. .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
grandma in church quiet .
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
that 's all for now .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
is eax faulty ?
plugged it in .
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
the storage capacity is great .
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 .
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
there was neither picture nor sound .
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
your child is going to do a cannonball off the diving board , so you compose the shot and wait for your moment .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
i was getting so sick of my old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along .
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
the warranty is 90 days .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs.
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
you can 't find the mpeg playback on high priced units .
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
not an urgent issue , as it still works .. .
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 .
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
i am bored with the silver look .
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes .
color screen is good .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .
if you 're intrested in buying a spare battery it 'll run you another $ 50 , a little steep i thought .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
it 's easy .
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet .
perhaps there is a tone of irony in the title of my review , but i actually mean it in earnest .
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .
then just forget about all the controls you have on the metz flash head itself and the sca 3102 control panel , because they are all ignored .
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
i can only hear the sound .
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
i can 't speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .
if you 're seeking that elusive state of photographic euphoria that is free of buyer 's remorse and filled with cool , then travel to the world of the coolpix 4300 !
size - bigger than the ipod
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever .
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .
creative software stinks .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
what more could you ask for .
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
i 'll state up front that i do not own a zen xtra and have not used one at all .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
( batteries last longer too ! )
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
( good going , amazon ).
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds.
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
i like the speakphone function a lot .
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
this thing plays everything i feed it .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
i find a great amount of value in this option for any and all the people that travel buy car and do not have access to the t-mobile " hot-spots " .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 .. .
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
bottom line , if you 're attracted to this phone because of its tri-band feature so you can take it abroad , forget it .
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 .
the shutter lag is on par with what i 've experienced with point and shoot 35mm and aps film cameras and the next frame advance is about a couple seconds using a high speed 12x 128mb compact flash card a salesperson recommended the high speed card since next frame advance speed was important to me - and it was only a few dollars more .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
songs are recognized automatically by id3 tags , which at first i was against since i had organized my files by folder with a previous player from iriver .
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
this is not a handbag camera .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one .
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
as said before this works perfectly .
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
no one told me , but i wanted to tell you .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required .
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
though the instruction booklet says that the camera should display " lens " when the cap and the camera are both on , the camera lens extends out and simply takes the lens cap off by itself .
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
i thought it would be haggard but when i be gotted this junky i was mad happy and stuff .
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
picture this :
i love the quality of the pictures .
but i would expect that , since my movie discs have all played with no problem , the extras discs would , too , without any additional tweaking .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
i should have looked at it harder .
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .
they said it is in stock , but they are " too busy " .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something they pop out .
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
amazon is awaesome !
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox .. .
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
value : comparing data storage with price .
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day .
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
that meant even less light and just as much action .
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
if you 're someone who wants to put 10,000 songs on this thing you may want to encode at the lower end ( typically 128 is considered close to cd quality ).
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model .
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin .
excellent idea !
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
because , you will be dissapointed .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
for the money apex machines have good features .
and have returned both .
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but could n't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for me .
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive .
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
i purchased this player last week .
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
strike 1 .
one bad thing though , i find the remote control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
it always pays off .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again it is only speculation .
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ).
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
started ripping and transferring .
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
apple 's solution - pay apple another $ 400 + for a new ipod ( less a paltry discount ) .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 gb of memory .
i was prepared to love it .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
i have n't figured it out yet .
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software !
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control .
so what 's the problem ?
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
i have used this phone for two months now .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
i was so excited about the price and reviews of this dvd player .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
video output stopped workin .
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings .
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
small size .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
this is the 4 apex player that i have bought .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
the grain was terrible .
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) .
i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm comaptible phone .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
friends of mine are always asking about it and wanting to use it .
we 'll see if i need them to .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
still no response .
if you have a question , they have the answer .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
my choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using mediasource .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
the nikon 's are great cameras .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
wow .. .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
features that would have been nice :
no more annoying series of beeps .
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
i 'm not sure why people have problems with either the interface of the nomad , or the software that comes with the unit .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
thats it .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
i love my new nomad , its great !
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
there should have been a recall on this product .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
overall an excellent phone .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .
very happy !
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
ipod has no stop button ; when new users mention this ipod veterans call it " unnecessary " and " so 20th century " .
you get what you pay for .
a great buy .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy .
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
save yourself some aggrivation .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong .
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .
this player is an ideal purchase .
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .
i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance !
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .
bought one for $ 49.99 .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
usb 2.0 - very fast
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
the moveable lcd screen is great .
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
by the way , it looks nice also .
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !
good quality video .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
the phone is very light weight .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
spend the extra 20 $ and buy a name brand dvd player .
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery .
before they are sold out !
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
my one recommendation to creative is to get some marketing people to work on the names of these things .
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
that is where my satisfaction ends .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
simple to use and hook up .
way less expensive than the ipod .
overall i think that you need to consider what you wan't to do .
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
overall , a very disappointing product .
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
battery life is ok .
i followed their advice but that failed , too .
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form .
another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen .
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
it practically plays almost everything you give it .
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
want the laundry list of reasons why ?
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
negative points :
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
- large easy readable screen
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
ease of use :
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
i replaced it with this not-quite-so-dazzling , but definitely more functional device .
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
but the earbuds suck !
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
they fall in love with the product .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
no big deal for the size . .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
creative labs customer support website is useless .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
i expect the g3 will please me for years to come .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
now where did i put that manual ?
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28mm filters are expensive and hard to find .
it was just a problem with the player .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
feels solid in hand .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
- outstanding signal reception
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
not a big hassle as many would have you think .
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
i can do that myself .
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
to me this alludes to the manufacturer 's confidence that the product will last for a year .
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
the fm radio is cool .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .
you can get a pretty good progressive scan sony or toshiba now for 68 bucks just about anywhere .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
for me , that was the only drawback .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
but who cares ?
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
thumbs down on that one .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .
so you can plug your nomad directly into your stereo or use a car adapter , but you do n't get the quality from a true line out jack .
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
- best in class sound
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
there is usb , though .
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software .
i will never buy another apex digital product !
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps.
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
right now , i 'm researching for an inexpensive slave flash unit that 's designed for digital cameras .
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
what task do they perform ?
absolutely breathtaking .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
oh my goodness --
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
you can always spend more money to get a better one .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
no instructions .
at this time , i decided to turn the player on , and much to my surprise it comes with quite the little library of classical music , one of which is a childhood favorite , bach 's air .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
it 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it .
the door would not close .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires .
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player .
through the software you can classify songs in genres .
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
so consider what you 're going to use the device for .
a. the cddb downloads information for the cd that you insert such that you do not have to type in the track information such as album , artist , song title , etc.
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
* sigh .
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
i considered this phone ( nokia 6610 ) , mainly because of my sister and the features .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
it works great .
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register it .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
that player is a complete piece of sh ***.
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
great camera .
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .
the dvd player does not work properly .
it is a very amazing product .
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).
it ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it .
my opinions :
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
bought the apex ad-2600 from amazon in 12/03 mainly on price , $ 49.99 - $ 10 rebate = $ 39.99 .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
they have n't got all the bugs worked out just yet .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
hopefully you wo n't regret .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
i 'd look elsewhere .
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
updating the unit 's firmware :
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal .
it sure does !
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ).
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc.
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
this is a great camera for you !
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
now i can transport files to friends house with ease .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
i like the default blue .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this .
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
i 've been using it for about 3 months now .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) .
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
however for me , i occasionally use the view finder and trying to frame in a picture with the lens blocking the view is too much .
that is a very nice feature .
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
more downside to this phone ?
- excellent sound quality
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
it lasted about 1 1/2 weeks .
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
assuming you have filled in all the id3 tags on your mp3s , you will not have any problem finding them on your zen xtra .
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ;
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
and how can i do that ... .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
do not buy this product or any apex product unless you are looking to be frustrated and lose money !
i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now .
yes , i recommend it over the competition .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
downloads are a snap and quick .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
cameras capture moments .
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
this is an edited review , now that i have had time to use the device .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
good points :
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity .
i am not talking milliseconds .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
and no t-zones .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
the motorolla phone have a horrible battery which lasts about a day ( although i heard that the motorolla t722i has a much longer battery life ) .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
do not recommend .
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it .
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works .
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
granted this is cheaper than an ipod .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers .
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
when the player was working it was great ,but .
i was , however .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years !
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can .
this is ridiculous .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
the vibration is not top .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28mm filter set .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like .
very easy to use .
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
i think the sound quality of this phone is slightly better than my samsung phone , the motorolla t720 series , and the sony ericsson t610 series .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
print those coupons twice for two phones ?
well i decided to get this one .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
thank you very much , and go out and get yourself a nomad !
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .
the t610 has the most functionality hands down .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we cannot help , " or something to that effect .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
the screen 's large and easily read .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
take my words and give it a try .
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
i bought this product from amazon .
some of the great gains over g2 --
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .
7 picture quality is excellent .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
well in the beginning i was asking around for mp3 players .
i love the storage in this thing .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
- the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers .
as mentioned above i broke the player within the 1st 10 days .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
player controls :
another plus in my book , no file limits !
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
you can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
overall , i highly recommend this phone .
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
plays them all .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
i am a soldier serving in baghdad right now .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
i ordered two of these puppies for christmas gifts .
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
sheesh ! !
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
very simple to use .
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
this is a wonderful camera .
this was quickly and easily fixed by going to the creative web site and downloaded then installed the updated driver .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it !
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
you need the software to actually transfer files
i bought the nomad when i went home on leave and it worked great for about a month .
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
personally i found the integrated digital camera of the t610 to be very nice .
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc.
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
here 's something you have to know before you considering about buying this one .
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
sound quality :
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
well , not with this one .
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music .
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i 'm even using a speakerphone .
this is extemely lame .
fm receiver - it has none .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
this is possible ! !
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem .
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) .. .
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it 's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
however , it serves its purpose .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
you can also search for your song , which is good .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
small problem .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
back to the 2600 :
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
it 's horrible .
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
that 's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
do not buy this player .
i guess you get what you pay for .
my first impression was positive .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
hehe , my bad .
the t610 can also compose music , a feature which most wo n't use .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
it did lock up on me a couple of times .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
not many .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
how does it sound ?
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying .
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
many before me have done that already .
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ).
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary .
really quiet .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
spend the money its well worth it .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
it is a beast .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ).
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
so if you have xp , be prepared for this and do n't be alarmed .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can 't get through to their number , it 's always busy .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
anyway , on with the review .
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .
the camera was a marvel .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems .
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .
what 's going on creative labs ?
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .
i find this to be a great feature .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
i had no problems following their installation instructions .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
so why lie about it ?
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .
the radio feature has superb sound quality .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
everyone who says i can 't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
i own a 35mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
get better headphones .
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
if you 're like me , that will definitely make you pause .
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash did n't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it has n't crashed since .
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35mm film ) camera .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
cons summary :
so what are you waiting for ?
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
i purchased and returned this product , but not because of any glaring flaws in the design .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp had n't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
the sound quality is very good .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
i 've had no problems with the software .
the store clerk concluded that the blurriness may be caused by shaking the camera slightly when i press the button , which is understandable since this camera is lighter than the other two models .
its really cool .
poor visibility on the keys .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it .
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
only if we could get one camera in it . .
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
pro : 1 .
was it a full moon that night ?
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
the case had ad2600 .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
i tried to take a cd and simply rip it onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com, http://www.nomadness.net
the battery life on this phone is surreal .
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ).
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ).
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way .
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
consider it for a future gift too !
30gb is more than enough for most people .
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
i returned it once , then i sent it back , and it is crap .
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers i have .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
but who wants the wires involved .
i bought this dvd player mainly because my old sharp dvd player could not play most of the dvds from the store that i rent from and i had to watch them using my pc 's dvd-rom player .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive .
you can use the scene modes , or fine tune the options , i. you can change the iso level , shutter speed , etc.
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
oh well ..
i showed her how to turn it on , where the lens zoom lever is , and she loves it !
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
the radio :
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
a few things that might make it even better :
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; it just failed ) .
( but as any hard drive , all of them freeze at certain points )
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
have had problems since the first day
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
i would recommend replacing the existing software with the " notmad explorer , " which is simpler to use and can be found on the internet .
it also has unproven battery life .
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
so i do n't know what the previous review that could n't do more than 30 songs is talking about .
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
i can 't connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
so far not going to get a good review .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
* removable battery
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school !
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .
had it for a week .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
for those of you using a mac in os x+ there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go .. .
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
it worked good for a while .
in all a winning combination .
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead .
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
this camera will stay with me for years !
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial . its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
now , i suddenly have no picture .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it .
this camera has a major design flaw .
i would much more have preferred a keypad-type navigator like found on dvd remotes .
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
disgusted with myself after i found the phone in the bottom of the washing machine , i was about to throw it away when one of my fellow soldiers asked if he could dry it out for me in an effort to revive the phone .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
after that it seems like you 're on your own .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
its quiet .
my brother bought an ipod this past summer and my dad bought the original zen around the same time ..
i went to an at &#38; t store before i bought this phone to see if it was possible to get corporate email with any of their services and they looked at me like i had three heads .
after reading the very positive review of this camera in a leading consumer magazine , i decided to head here , to amazon , to read through the online reviews .
an extra rechargeable en-el 1 battery is also handy , so you will seldom run into " out of battery " situation .
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
i repeat - do n't wast your money .
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
10 great price for all the features .
after spending hours being transferred from one tech help person to another , i got fed up and have decided to return the phone .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
- light , compact design
guess all that glitters is not gold .
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it .
i took great care of the screen , till i realized that the part that might get scratched is part of the cover .
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
the software lets you pop in a cd and then scans the internet to name the artist , track name and album name .
night mode is clear as day .
buy this camera and savour it .
works great !
if you have any doubts about this player , well do n't .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
finally , i uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
crappy headphones .
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
the upgrade went smoothly and was easy to do if you can follow directions .
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
it only comes in 20gb ; enough for most people , not for those with large collections ripped at high sampling rates .
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
it happened to me once .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . "
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
i have my mp3 's stored on my workstation .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
no picture :
the price / performance looked just right .
but this camera is great !
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
a great deal in general !
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
if you buy a creative mp3 player , be sure to get the optional extended warranty .
really happy with this little camera .
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
the pros and cons of it :
they piggy-back on cingular 's service .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
but canon never fails to amaze .
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know .
the batteries would not charge .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
i 'm not looking forward to ripping my entire collection every month or two .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
the ipod costs more for the same amount of memory .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
a lot of research went into digital camera 's before i made this purchase , and hands down , the g3 had everything i needed plus more .
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers .
the samsung phones has a customize function so that you can assign certain functions to directional buttons ( like assign alarm clock to the left directional key ) .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
so buy the g3 .
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. .
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
using the gprs option you can pay 19.99 extra a month and have unlimited internet access added to you account .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
i listened to it for several days before needing to recharge them .
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos .
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
read the directions !
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment !
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them .
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
- well-backlit keypad
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
honestly , i love this player .
structurally , everything is secure and it wo n't fall apart on you .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
creative provided e-mail support ;
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
this almost made it worth the price alone .
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
you 're talking totally different hardware .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
when i turned eax back on the static was also not present .
got a great deal from a reputable seller .
* software is absolutely terrible :
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead .
now , for the t-mobile service :
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person !
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
do n't buy this player .
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
the dvd player is fine .
but you do n't have to be .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
if this is your fist dvd player .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ).
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
if you can live without an integrated camera , you wo n't miss much more .
construction quality is a difficult item .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
so i 'm screwed .
now i need to buy myself another one !
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
takes excellent photos .
picture scrolling in b/w :
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc .
