after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player .. .
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip .
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .
if you 're intrested in buying a spare battery it 'll run you another $ 50 , a little steep i thought .
what kind of a company does that !
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
the camera was a marvel .
i was prepared to love it .
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
for the money apex machines have good features .
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
a big plus in my book .
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
of course you do !
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) .
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
negative points :
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
the remote is a little hard to understand .
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work !
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
that 's been my experience .
do n't drop this unit :
sold in other parts of the world :
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .
- excellent sound quality
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus .
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ).
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
do n't buy this player .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .
we 'll see if i need them to .
go for it ...
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
very cheaply made .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
but for now this will do .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
have had problems since the first day
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one !
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
well that was not a simple task .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ).
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .
the bottom line :
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
look / design :
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
i bought the nomad when i went home on leave and it worked great for about a month .
it is not perfect though .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
the distortion is not a flaw .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution .
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
now i can always be in contact .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
the storage capacity is great .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
thankfully amazon has free return shipping !
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
able to use service in another country :
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
i 've had the camera for about two weeks and shot hundreds of pictures so far .
4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works .
i first bought a 6 gig nomad jukebox ( original ).
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ).
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .
you see , i can 't rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
i ordered 2 .
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
got way too many blurry pictures .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar .
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do .
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days .
the karma does have a stop button .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
this almost made it worth the price alone .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
they fall in love with the product .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
thank you !
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
it has a nice color screen .
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't .
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc.
( i guess only time will tell ? )
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
i went to an at &#38; t store before i bought this phone to see if it was possible to get corporate email with any of their services and they looked at me like i had three heads .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
( i would have appreciated having a firewire plug , however )
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. .
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs .
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered .
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel .
great quality picture and features .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
awesome feature .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .
but that 's a moot point now .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
i purchased one of these to replace an ailing dvd player that 's a few years old .
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .
nothing but hassle with this company .
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! !
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
i will never buy another apex digital product !
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
my favorite is to play " any track " - am rediscovering my music !
can 't complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
it was just a problem with the player .
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
i took the camera and just gave it to someone .
the zen has no stop button .
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search .
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
i returned it once , then i sent it back , and it is crap .
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo .. .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
again had to remove the battery .
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
good points :
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
they are not wowable good .
i bought this product from amazon .
cheaper in every way .
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers .
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
the pictures are amazing .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox .. .
that is a very nice feature .
it is made of plastic .
not many .
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player .
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome .
i cannot recommend it enough ! !
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires .
player controls :
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy .
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
spend the money its well worth it .
make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
2 . most mp3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous .
needless to say , the canon won , hands down .
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
1 . i do n't need the nomad at the office .
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
overall an excellent phone .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
small problem .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something they pop out .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
fm receiver - it has none .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
some feature i could turn on or off , or some attachment i could get .
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .
first there 's the unit itself .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
those that have it like it .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
anyway , on with the review .
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
this player is an ideal purchase .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
what a disappointment .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
- well-backlit keypad
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
i love photography .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
it is easy to " focus " in on the drawbacks , so do n't think i hate this camera .
and then you will start to belive them .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
- you just have to buy a new player .
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
what a disappointment !
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
buy the re-seller 's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !
many before me have done that already .
the batteries would not charge .
in all a winning combination .
lastly , you cannot manage anything on the ipod itself .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem .
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
that meant even less light and just as much action .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
i have my mp3 's stored on my workstation .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it .
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera ..
there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough .
the player itself has all sorts of problems .
if you want to be a poser and follow the herd , mooooooh , then buy the i-pod .
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
interface - practically seamless .
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact .
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife .
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
at $ 49 .
bought one for $ 49.99 .
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
but who wants the wires involved .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
great camera , great investment !
a great new use for that underutilized computer .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
so i took it back to best buy where i bought it and exchanged it for a newer zen 20 gig model .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can 't get through to their number , it 's always busy .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
really happy with this little camera .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
i got 45 outdoor and 15 indoor shots with the monitor on turning the camera off and on over a 4 hour period before the battery died .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ).
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
updating the unit 's firmware :
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years !
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
a card with more memory is a must .
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty .
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod .
the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive .
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
- included creative software is pretty poor .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
is eax faulty ?
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display
word ... peace in the east bruvah .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
now i may buy two !
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
the sound from the player is ok .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
does n't always register push-button movement .
video output stopped workin .
go get it .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
i purchased it at a retail store , and got an extended warranty .
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
your child is going to do a cannonball off the diving board , so you compose the shot and wait for your moment .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
7 picture quality is excellent .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
it was not my first choice .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
extremely convenient .
do not buy this product or any apex product unless you are looking to be frustrated and lose money !
get better headphones .
the powershot g3 is a great camera .
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
first let me give you the bad things :
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
i love my new nomad , its great !
i can 't connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 gb of memory .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i don't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
overall i think that you need to consider what you wan't to do .
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school !
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it 's there & installs the drivers .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
those who have had the nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
that beside you are prob. very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
i will never buy a creative product again .
i own a 35mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm comaptible phone .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
it is small .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
friends of mine are always asking about it and wanting to use it .
as i travel quite a lot , i 'd want something with gsm as well as cdma tri-band .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
i have tried the belkin tunecast mobile fm transmitter but found there was too much interference .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings .
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
i will say this .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
i followed their advice but that failed , too .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) .
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement .
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
finally , i uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing .
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
( batteries last longer too ! )
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad .
i repeat - do n't wast your money .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash did n't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it has n't crashed since .
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
so , if you read the instructions well , you should n't have any problems with this dvd unit .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
no one told me , but i wanted to tell you .
is my unit defective ?
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
no issues as of yet
well to say , i had a very bad history with players .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
granted this is cheaper than an ipod .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
small size .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
big mistake .
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin .
when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
for the price and features it is really good .
so i do n't understand why it would not work with dvds that seem to have more features in them .
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
i make photographs at work , and so wanted a camera good enough to compare with what i use professionally .
if you are planning to buy that player , do not !
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .
this thing does its job .
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
it focuses in a snap .
after messing with it at a store i noticed how bad the i-pod was .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
oh my goodness --
if you want to listen to tunes while you travel , i 'd get a hard drive because you can put so much on the thing - including audio books .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
i do n't really like bounce .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .
i received this as a gift .
the samsung phones has a customize function so that you can assign certain functions to directional buttons ( like assign alarm clock to the left directional key ) .
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
lastly , the price is fantastic :
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
once again , the sound is awesome , the batter life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life .
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .
so consider what you 're going to use the device for .
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
definetely a great camera .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one .
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up .
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
i bought this dvd player in november .
all i am looking for is a rebate form !
was it a full moon that night ?
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw. and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey ..... never mind .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
overall i like the unit .
one bad thing though , i find the remote control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .
i did a good month 's worth of research before buying this over other similar priced digital cameras , and this is the best buy for the buck .
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
nokia 6610 ( sound quality ) the phone is great with very cool features &#38; options , but comparing to my older motorola phone , it gets a failing grade in speaker quality .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
another stupid move .
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
i can 't imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
grandma in church quiet .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
one thing puzzles me is that for " fine and 2200 + " quality pictures , one ultra 256mb cf card can only hold 130-140 pics , but the size of the pictures are only around 1.2 mb , the math does not add up .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
size and style :
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
with the t-mobile unlimited t-zones for $ 10 , i can check any number of email addresses and use unlimited internet .
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year .
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
an extra rechargeable en-el 1 battery is also handy , so you will seldom run into " out of battery " situation .
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take .
truly , i am quite impressed . . ! !
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
i bought coolpix 4300 two months after i had bought canon powershot s400 .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ).
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc.
hopefully you wo n't regret .
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
i love the storage in this thing .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
radio is awsome , but it does n't work unless you have the earpiece in .
no way to contact their customer service .
features that would have been nice :
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 .
originally i wanted the ipod .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
now we come to the zen xtra .. .
personally i found the integrated digital camera of the t610 to be very nice .
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .
then just forget about all the controls you have on the metz flash head itself and the sca 3102 control panel , because they are all ignored .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one :
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
8 battery life is excellent .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
you have to buy better ones .
it says i have a harddisk problem .
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it .
cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it 's a little more prone to damage from being banged around .
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
i guess you get what you pay for .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
back to the 2600 :
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
great phone .. .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
no more annoying series of beeps .
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 .
you 're talking totally different hardware .
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
when i bought it late last year , there were enough reviews that i knew the navigation wheel and software would be less than ideal , but it sounded like a fair tradeoff .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
its great .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
the battery life is amazing .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
overall , a good buy for the price .
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers .
i love this player .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
how does it sound ?
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
this camera has a major design flaw .
what is up .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
the dvd player does not work properly .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
a great buy .
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
5 hours max. i did it like this
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
lot 's of other features that i need to find out about .
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
- bright , visible screen
some of the great gains over g2 --
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
i have used this phone for two months now .
the software lets you pop in a cd and then scans the internet to name the artist , track name and album name .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
this is not the same thing as a film camera .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
hope i helped !
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed my mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i do n't have the patience for those sorta things .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
i can 't fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
ipod can be used as an external disk , and apparently stores files without problem .
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
a few things that might make it even better :
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
amazon is awaesome !
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
the nikon 's are great cameras .
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
anybody can explain that ?
very happy !
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
moving the viewfinder elsewhere on the camera will remove the lens distortion but increase the parallax phenomenon .
after spending hours being transferred from one tech help person to another , i got fed up and have decided to return the phone .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
its really cool .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
it was impossible to do so before .
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .
this seemed like a really good compromise .
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
what task do they perform ?
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
i like the default blue .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ).
the t610 has the most functionality hands down .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet .
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
i am very pleased with it so far .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
i simply love this feature .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
the interface used could be better designed .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
no go on most formats .
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd .
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations .. .
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can 't say much about the motorolla .
creative labs customer support website is useless .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
it suppose to play everything .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about .
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
otherwise feedback seems to be good .
i finally decided to upgrade , and started my research .
i bought this phone when it first came out in the summer .
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
it took them twice as long to get to my unit as they said .
almost there .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ).
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
their customer service is very poor .
fiance did n't like the feel .
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
i am back to using # 1 .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
i like the automatic key lock function .
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can 't be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
pros summary :
no difference .
but you do n't have to be .
thumbs down on that one .
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .
started ripping and transferring .
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
wow .. .
great camera .
the headphone jack acts as a pseudo line out jack .
* main dial is not backlit .
it is crystal clear .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
again , you can change this , but it 's harder to spot a minor variation in the title when you do n't have the title of the other disk in front of you .
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com, http://www.nomadness.net
i can only hear the sound .
3 battery has to be removed to recharge .
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can 't , i 'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery .
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names .
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
read the directions !
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
i took great care of the screen , till i realized that the part that might get scratched is part of the cover .
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we cannot help , " or something to that effect .
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you cannot imagine !
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
did i mention i 've already dropped it once ?
i own another canon - an eos ( 35mm film ) camera .
what a junk .
the pros and cons of it :
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files .
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .
here 's why :
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?
you know why ?
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
at this time , i decided to turn the player on , and much to my surprise it comes with quite the little library of classical music , one of which is a childhood favorite , bach 's air .
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
controls are a bit awkward .
it works great .
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
also , the lens cap design is flawed .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) .
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
third , the poor design continues with the case .
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
they said it is in stock , but they are " too busy " .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
the other controls are all very easy to use .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
the ipod 's white plastic look / surface does n't suit me .
this is not a handbag camera .
wow , dennis sure is great !
you can 't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
i cannot say enough good things about the people who answer the phones .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one .
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
beats that sony f717 ; its archrival .
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
there was neither picture nor sound .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
you can get a pretty good progressive scan sony or toshiba now for 68 bucks just about anywhere .
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ).
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
card reader is included .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
charged my battery .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
it does have a digital zoom on top of the optical zoom , but you sacrifice quality .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing .
- no propietary headset jack
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
i should have looked at it harder .
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist
do n't buy this thing .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
( 1 gb = 1,000 mb )
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
take the time to fill in those tags !
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer .
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
only if we could get one camera in it . .
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player .
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
just make sure the keys are locked .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
i 'm very glad i did .
save yourself some aggrivation .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic .
simple to use and hook up .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
awful , awful , awful .
by the way , it looks nice also .
this thing is trash .
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
creative software stinks .
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod .
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .
they piggy-back on cingular 's service .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
ok , im writing yet another review , about a week from my previous one .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
so what 's the point ?
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ).
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
* sigh .
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
for the money , get a better quality player .
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can 't use nomad until you get home .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
we are overall pleased with product .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
cameras capture moments .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
while the listing process is accurate for track names ( unlike windows ' reliance on the amg , which frequently gets track listings out of order ) , the results can be odd .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) .
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
i had downloaded about 1000 songs and had room for another 9000 !
had no problem with it .
no picture :
else with simpler viking cf cards , it takes couple of seconds to write a picture with approximately " fine **" picture quality " image size : 1600 .
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files .
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
guess where this unit is headed ?
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .
so it was no loss .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
i was so excited about the price and reviews of this dvd player .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
it 's money down the drain .
not an urgent issue , as it still works .. .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
assuming you have filled in all the id3 tags on your mp3s , you will not have any problem finding them on your zen xtra .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
hehe , my bad .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
had it for a week .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
i love the quality of the pictures .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit .
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember :
after reading the very positive review of this camera in a leading consumer magazine , i decided to head here , to amazon , to read through the online reviews .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . "
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
i would recommend buying one .
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ).
the speakerphone :
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
do n't waste your money .
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor; not major ones though ,
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
i bought the 30gb zen xtra from a well-known national electronics store as soon as i saw they were advertising it for $ 219.99 .
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
do not buy this product --
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
3 . it 's a hazard in the car .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " .
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required .
apple 's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years its market share will drop significantly .
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5.6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one .
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ;
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems .
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
and i finally settled on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
it 's a winner .
you can also search for your song , which is good .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags.
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
so i 'm screwed .
excellent range of metering options as well .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
for an early christmas gift , i got a zen xtra 40 gb player .
" check out " !
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
for a specific location , i still think its a great phone .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc.
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person !
the case had ad2600 .
i discovered this weekend that itunes does not sell mp3 's in the mp3 format .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine .
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
i considered this phone ( nokia 6610 ) , mainly because of my sister and the features .
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ).
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
moreover , they want a total of $ 107 to repair it .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
i do n't think i was asking too much .
right now , i 'm researching for an inexpensive slave flash unit that 's designed for digital cameras .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
poor visibility on the keys .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .
it ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
reason for two ?
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it .
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
personally , i do n't understand all the complaints about the interface .. .
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
i can 't speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
they look fantastic .
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
that 's the first thing to understand .
i 've yet to be dissappointed .
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
nokia will not cover phones bought from amazon .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
oh ... one more thing .
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
warning - i did read the manual !
when i turned eax back on the static was also not present .
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .
for those of you using a mac in os x+ there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .
+ screen was good , easy to read
great design and looks cool .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
the sony ericsson phone ( t610 ) has the most whistles and bells , but is also the hardest to use .
i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
it was not easy sharing one with my teen age kid .
the vibrate setting is loud !
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
this is a wonderful camera .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly .
absolutely breathtaking .
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
what a mistake !
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
takes excellent photos .
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
synchronizing music among computers , if you have more than one , seems to be an issue ; research this before buying if you have multiple computers you want to be synchronized .
songs are recognized automatically by id3 tags , which at first i was against since i had organized my files by folder with a previous player from iriver .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
so .. .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
yup , right back for a refund !
the software sucks .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
but once in a while , i run up against it 's major flaw :
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
i am very pleased so far .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them .
that player is a complete piece of sh ***.
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product .
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
this is my second digital camera , though i also use one at work and have some experience with several nikon and canon models .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. .
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
it has never worked .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
though the instruction booklet says that the camera should display " lens " when the cap and the camera are both on , the camera lens extends out and simply takes the lens cap off by itself .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
i highly recommend it .
so far the software for the pc works easily .
i highly recommend the accessory kit , which provides you with everything else you need :
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
3 ) user replaceable battery
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
1 ) price / gb of storage
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
so what 's the problem ?
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
you should too .
is this how nokia subsidizes their free pc software ?
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
2 ) scroll button / switch
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
i have had no problems with the phone .
usb 2.0 - very fast
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
highly recommended !
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
my choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using mediasource .
one major complaint :
wo n't play a lot of discs .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
so if you have xp , be prepared for this and do n't be alarmed .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
you can use the scene modes , or fine tune the options , i. you can change the iso level , shutter speed , etc.
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register it .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
battery life :
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
i forgot , the case does n't fit .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
- the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
great feature list , poor reliability .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying .
i 'll just say this .. .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
you do take your chances with this phone .
the software failed repeatedly .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
my brother bought an ipod this past summer and my dad bought the original zen around the same time ..
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
you would then have a phone number in that country and not have to pay for international roaming in that country .
the flash card memory is more expensive but is very light and compact .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
- best in class sound
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
the software is great .
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
i then played it through my ps2 and there was no problem there either .
the price / performance looked just right .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
however , indoor pictures of subjects more than a few feet away can be blurry or grainy .
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
so , without further adoo .
i 'll state up front that i do not own a zen xtra and have not used one at all .
2 ) storage capacity
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
more downside to this phone ?
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something !
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
advertising pays off i guess .. .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
i am returning the broken one today .
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
audio is excellent .
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
thank you very much , and go out and get yourself a nomad !
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
perhaps there is a tone of irony in the title of my review , but i actually mean it in earnest .
the quality is superb .
my story is based on personal usage .
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can 't image that the hardware is of very good quality .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it .
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
value : comparing data storage with price .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
upon inspection i did find a small scratch on the surface and figured that to be the cause .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
be forewarned .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
the service deafults to showing the information associated with your billing zip code , but you can change the default and seach other areas while on the go .
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
we also looked at the fuji fps602 .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans.
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
it worked .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
but this camera is great !
no instructions .
i have no buyers remorse with this baby , and i never will .
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28mm filter set .
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .
this thing plays everything i feed it .
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer .. . read the manual ).
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
that was a mistake .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
made the camera totally inoperable .
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .
if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one .
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
i 'm not looking forward to ripping my entire collection every month or two .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
ok so i donno about what other people said , how the player breaks and stuff , and the headfone jack , fortunately that did not happen to me .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
i use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can 't be used .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ).
the menus are very easy to navigate .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
i was getting so sick of my old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along .
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ).
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
sure enough there is no such ability .
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
to summarize , i am using the creative zen as a mobile device ;
i liked this one enough to buy another .
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
this is not a player you can take jogging .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
this is all i have to say .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
well worth the money .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
oh well ..
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
as said before this works perfectly .
olympus c5050 is a very solid camera with a metal body .
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
they stop time .
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
creative provided e-mail support ;
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
this is possible ! !
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
the volume .
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
what the heck is up with the 2600 .
i would recommend doing the upgrade to be sure you have the best chance at trouble free operation .
the included memory card is too small .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
battery life is ok .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
but who cares ?
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
the camera has a wonderful set of features .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer .
disgusted with myself after i found the phone in the bottom of the washing machine , i was about to throw it away when one of my fellow soldiers asked if he could dry it out for me in an effort to revive the phone .
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor !
- large easy readable screen
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine .
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
i applied a $ 25 amazon gift voucher i got for christmas so i only ended up paying $ 29 for this machine .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
i do n't care how it looks and i always drive so the size is not important to me .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
yes , the features are numerous .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
you will have a very expensive paperweight .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
the title says it all ...
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ).
now getting back to this .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
buy it for fun , for lack of processing , because you want to use iphoto , or whatever .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
i expect the g3 will please me for years to come .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
the first one would n't work from the start .
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
it sure does !
zens rule .
worked for two weeks .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
proven canon built quality and lens .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .
apex does n't answer the phone .
it defaulted to unchangeable email .
i love this camera .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
so what are you waiting for ?
after receiving the box from amazon , i proceeded with charging the unit for the specified 4 hours , after which i installed the software and connected the unit to my pc via usb 2.0 .
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .
if creative offered a 12-month warranty on their mp3 players , i 'd be covered .
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one .
the downside -
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
this is an edited review , now that i have had time to use the device .
color screen is good .
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .
i doubt anyone has ever seen an add or commercial for any other mp3 player .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but could n't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for me .
it has 2 games .
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he could n't .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder .. .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
it 's because the 256 player uses flash memory ( smaller / lighter ) and the 30gb uses a hard drive .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
honestly , i love this player .
1 no direct firewire to the camera .
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
third party software to the rescue
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
construction quality is a difficult item .
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
because this camera is beautiful .
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player .
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital !
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
boy was i wrong .
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
great features .. .
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp had n't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately .
this is a great camera for you !
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
there should have been a recall on this product .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
excellent idea !
the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today .
prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
if you 're someone who wants to put 10,000 songs on this thing you may want to encode at the lower end ( typically 128 is considered close to cd quality ).
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
for three months , i 've researched the internet and magazines , queried various sales personnel , and took hands-on in-store test drives .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .
no complaints there .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
was i just unlucky at that moment ?
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
so how can i do that ... are n't that free for two after the rebates .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
24 hours ?
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this .
there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .
the shutter lag is on par with what i 've experienced with point and shoot 35mm and aps film cameras and the next frame advance is about a couple seconds using a high speed 12x 128mb compact flash card a salesperson recommended the high speed card since next frame advance speed was important to me - and it was only a few dollars more .
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet .
although they accepted that they will ship on mon - 6 jan , they still did n't ship it .
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it .
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model .
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
crappy headphones .
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
- outstanding signal reception
signal strength will affect the battery life .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
now i know better .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
it would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
( my orignal review is below : )
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
this thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
it 's a very intuitive program .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
- very long-lasting battery life
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
i have not yet figured out how to make it snap quick pictures for action shots .
honestly , the best players without any flaws were the goddam cd players .
a great deal in general !
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps.
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
the fm radio is cool .
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it !
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
to me this alludes to the manufacturer 's confidence that the product will last for a year .
the radio :
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know .
the nomad is only sligtly larger than an ipod .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
that was n't pretty .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
you need the software to actually transfer files
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
way less expensive than the ipod .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
minor gripe .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
i love it ! !
hope i 've been of some help .
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28mm filters are expensive and hard to find .
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system .
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
the storage capacity is great for me --
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
great features . .
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
learning how to use it will not take very long .
the g3 looks like a work of art !
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like .
this is my first digital camera .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
everything else about the camera is great .
this is the best phone i have seen .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
ease of use :
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
my opinions :
i guess you get what you pay for .
everyone who says i can 't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. .
i did n't even try the included software .
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .
the bottom line , i 'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i 'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
the player : it 's silver .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
the ipod costs more for the same amount of memory .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
i am not talking milliseconds .
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .
i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
- solid , high-quality construction
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad .
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
again , the ipod is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional .
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs.
sheesh ! !
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
that was annoying .
i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ).
picture scrolling in b/w :
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it .
but canon never fails to amaze .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
the warranty is 90 days .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can 't get through .
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .
its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside .
so why lie about it ?
i checked with nokia .
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone .
thats it .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
that 's important because i have a lot of music .
works great !
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
my one recommendation to creative is to get some marketing people to work on the names of these things .
at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
my pda becames a digital album .
very bad quality .
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .
it 's not a big deal for me .
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
it is a very amazing product .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
a 35mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
- price : see above .
i think that it is a were good mobile phone and i may buy it .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
so you can plug your nomad directly into your stereo or use a car adapter , but you do n't get the quality from a true line out jack .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
you can 't find the mpeg playback on high priced units .
print those coupons twice for two phones ?
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers i have .
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc.
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
very easy to use .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ).
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty !
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only .
this camera will stay with me for years !
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
and have returned both .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
well i decided to get this one .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
it 's horrible .
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
overall , a very disappointing product .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
the moveable lcd screen is great .
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
10 great price for all the features .
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
the phone is very light weight .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
i cannot stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
the pro ...
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
you can edit the genres once the songs are on the play if you decide to re-classify things later .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other .
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
guess all that glitters is not gold .
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution .
there is usb , though .
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .
you can always spend more money to get a better one .
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? )
i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
i bought the 2600 because it plays everything !
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music .
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking
most people probably wanted the ipod before realizing that a vast array of full-featured viable alternatives exist .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
that would be a nice compromise between jpeg and raw .
no big deal for the size . .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan .. .
i can 't believe people continue to pay those prices .
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
it looks great - and is loaded with features .
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
bait and switch .
and no t-zones .
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
you have to add them to the playing list .
song transfers were not an issue .
i have not used the progressive scan feature .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
however for me , i occasionally use the view finder and trying to frame in a picture with the lens blocking the view is too much .
consider it for a future gift too !
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
buy this camera and savour it .
do not buy this player .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
i find a great amount of value in this option for any and all the people that travel buy car and do not have access to the t-mobile " hot-spots " .
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it 's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
zen good points :
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
- some features in the user interface
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that .
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal .
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
the battery is nice .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
this did not give me enough control .
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
* software is absolutely terrible :
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem cant easily be solved .
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
it is a beast .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ).
that takes up half the space of mp3 's .
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
i wish i could give negative stars !
it 's no problem for me personally .
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
but i did n't because i 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
just be aware of it .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
in addition , you can create play lists where you can create the equivalent to a compilation cd right on your player .
but they offer only a 3-month warranty ( on all of their players , including the zen xtra ) .
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
aight den bumpy ?
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .
it plays all my back-ups , + or - , and everything else i have put in it without a hick up .
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop .
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .
but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
forget the fact that it 'll probably take me a year to figure out all the features this camera has to offer .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
* price and capacity
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it .
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
