The prices were fantastic .
I had a great experience .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
good food good wine that 's it .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
So close , but not good enough .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
Over priced , overrated .... stay away !
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
Great Shabu Shabu
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
At 6:30 , we were the third party there .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it 's not a cheap night out ... but it 's SO worth it .
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
go here for the drinks !
What a great place !
The food however , is what one might expect .
I love this place
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
I 've been here twice now .
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
SUM IT : local investment bankers like it , try for yourself at least once .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
The food however , is what one might expect .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
The floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Bay Terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .
I would definitely come back to this restaurant .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
We were pleasantly surprised .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
Also they were $ 15 each !
Beautiful experience .
I have eaten at some of the ' best ' sushi joints in NYC ( Nobu , Bond Street , JewelBako , etc ) and Yamato is my favorite .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
Loved it
The staff offers impeccable service .
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at Bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
Entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I 've experienced the same with other restaurants so I do n't appreciate such practice .
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
So rude .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
Ahhh ...
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
great eats , good times .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
The food is great .
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
Delivery service is great too .
I 've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I 've never been disappointed .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
Good for dates or with friends .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
The service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
Sexy .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
Just stick with the small dishes !
This place is not worth the prices .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
I was at Rao 's last Wed .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
On the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
How do you rate home ?
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
It 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
esp . during happy hour !
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best I 've eaten so far .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
You must try the garlic soup !
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
If you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what Rao 's is all about .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
The food tasted very good .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
You will be very happy with the experience .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
If you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
I was a little leary about Mary 's at first - it 's small , crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I 'm glad I finally tried it .
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
You wo n't find that anywhere in Manhattan .
but I would n't wan na live there .
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Prices are in line .
People in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
It was a very nice surprise .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
for Meetball Night .
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
Went last Thursday .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
MMmmm ... it was delicious .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
I was glad I did .
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ?
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
Loved it !
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at Taj Mahal .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
The counter service is bad .
Although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
I loved this place !!
Dishes denoted as " Roy 's Classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
I absolutely Loved this place .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
Do n't waste your time , or money !!
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe .
This place is incredibly tiny .
I 'm going back .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
The hostess said " Wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which I replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
The place is a lot of fun .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
You are treated just like royality .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( I happen to live in Inwood ) .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
But on a lazy Saturday night , we ended up going .
It 's popular w/the late crowd .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
Terrible experience .
This establishment is the real deal .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
Food was OK .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
We 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
Faan is sooo good .
The appetizers are also delicious !
Service is great , takeout is good too .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
We go often .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
I do n't think I would go again .
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
I agree .
BUT not in a good way .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
Starters : Kobe Beef Sashimi .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone 's living room .
I know because I live nearby .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
I 've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never , ever dissapointed me .
The waiter was attentive .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
Best Chinese on the Upper East , prompt delivery , good value .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
Priced at upper intermediate range .
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
However , once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .
Not impressed with the food .
But if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for Indian food
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
This place is a must visit !
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
I heard the lobster roll was excellent .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
Went inside and I started to get excited .
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
This is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
It 's the kind of place I like to support !
Polite acknowledgement is out ;
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
The food was exceptional .
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
Every time I visit NYC , I come here .
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
They outshine HH .
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . )
this place is amazingly bad .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
Just straight up cheap , good food .
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
I read about this place in Time Out magazine .
I love it .
( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino , I keep coming back .
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
I lived on 50th st , and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
We will be back .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
The place was nice and calm .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
This was on a Tuesday night .
The dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
What ?
However , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
Trust me .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
Too bad , has a lot of potential .
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
the turkey burgers are scary !
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
The service is awful .
Also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
This is the best thing in Soho .
But that is highly forgivable .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
And its absolutely DELICIOUS .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
Food is great .
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
Give it a try and enjoy .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
I wish they had one near my office - I would go everyday .
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
We will be back .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
Will never be back .
Great pizza for lunch place .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
bad staff
I would highly recommend .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
we love th pink pony .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
Tasty but expensive .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
Not worth the prices .
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms .
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave .
We did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
This is probably one of my new favorite places .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
And that 's no mean feat ...
We had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning !
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
An excellent choice in midtown .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
The food was good .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
Alias is warm and cozy and you do n't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
I was pleasantly suprised .
Avoid this place !
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
Not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
I 'm going back .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
Love YUKA .
I 'll be back soon .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
Food was average but tasty .
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
Good luck getting a table .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
In fact , you ca n't miss it .
This place does n't make any sense
I love this cozy around the way Rest .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
Great service , great food .
If you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
I ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
The counter service is bad .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
It is thick and slightly soggy .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
The food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A.
Not terrible , but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
In any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
This place is a great stop for great food .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
I generally like this place .
So , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , I would say try it .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Good food .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
The food was bland oily .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
The appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being Indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
Some baby pizzas get their wish .
They are by far the BEST past in New York .
The price very reasonable .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
I plan on eating here more often .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
The dim sum however was very good .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
For someone who used to hate Indian food , Baluchi 's has changed my mid .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
Much more reasonably priced too !
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( I tried them ALL ) .
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
You wo n't be dissapointed .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
If you want to save some money , do n't go here .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Bring your date and a bottle of wine !
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
Great food , great prices , great service .
great taste
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
I got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
now if they could only get a toaster .
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
Nick Stef 's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area , so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald 's Square check it out !
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
The fried rice is amazing here .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
I loved it .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
If you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
That 's good and bad .
Great neighborhood joint .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
Not worth it .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
The service is pretty good .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
Nice find .
It was wonderful .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC .
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin ' Greens salads , Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix .
I am going to the mid town location next .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
I love going there !
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
Love their drink menu .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended .
And where does Patis go wrong ; no where .
The burger was great , also .
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .
I really liked this place .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
The buffet had a nice selection .
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
There are other people waiting !
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
The food was great .
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
Amma is nothing special .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
The wine list is also really nice .
Very " normal Indian food " , but done really well .
Stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) .
In fact , this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable .
Taxan delicious !
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
I pray it stays open forever .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
Only complaint is the pricing -- I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
Bon appettite !!
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
I will NEVER return .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Would NEVER go back there .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
It 's really a takeaway place , I would n't sit if I could take it home .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
Their coffee is quite good too !
Ahhh ...
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
The staff offers impeccable service .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
I 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( I live on UWS ) .
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town , Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination .
Service is top notch .
Check out the secret back room .
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
I went with JWILS .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
The sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
Would not recommend anyone to go .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
The ceiling is amazing !
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
The only drawback is that it 's a little pricey .
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown .
Try the sea bass .
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
I can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money .
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
Try the sea bass .
The family seafood entree was very good .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than Roth 's we are always disappointed .
People are always friendly .
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
So , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
I will definetly be going back .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
But too far east !
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Also very inexpensive .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
However , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown .
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant , I decided to give it a try with two friends .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
Authentic Pakistani food .
the service is prompt friendly .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
I 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
For starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
A con was the slow bar service .
What a great place .
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
They were dry , stale and pretty flavorless .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
My party had the BBE $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
The food is good .
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
I would highly recommend it .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
$ 500 included :
Big thumbs up !
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
I loved it and would go again .
Other apetizers and food
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
Good cake BUT : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
We asked for beverages and never received them .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
Going to Ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
I 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
get over it !
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
I 'm telling you ...
Reasonable prices .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
Between my guest and I , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
A nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
Not impressed with the food .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
The service was dreadfully slow ( the place was only half full ) and a smile would have been nice ...
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC .
And it was quick which is very important .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Murray wo n't do it .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
I have been to Mary 's many times and I like it .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
Also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
It is not worth for that bucks .
Are you freaking kidding me ?
Great sushi experience .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
Beautiful experience .
Way below average
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
It is so romantic .
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
You should pass on the calamari .
This place is so much fun .
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the " salt encrusted shrimp " appetizer .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
Come on .
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
The food 's as good as ever .
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE !
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
You will find yourself returning quite often .
I liked the beer selection !
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
The place is beautiful !
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
Wonderful at holiday time .
But I 'd go back
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores .
None of that yucky whipped stuff .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list ( I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins )
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all .
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC !
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Please save yourself the frustration .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
I 've been to Sotto Voce several time , and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
It 's just O.K. pizza .
The food is great , I love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
The high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
I look forward to eating here again
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
We paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
Moving on .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Stay away from this place .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch !!!!!
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
They treat me like family , morning and night .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
love the food .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Great neighborhood joint .
My friends and I showed up on a Sat .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
I will be returning .
Did I mention the wine ?
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
Wretched and retching
The main entree was also very good .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
Sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
The food now is inconsistent .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
Try it !
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
Terrible would be a compliment !
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
Go girls !!!
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
Reliable , Fresh Sushi
You can do it here .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
The service is fantastic .
To top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
I was on jury duty , rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
But the coconut rice was good .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
The wine the service was very good too .
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service I need ...
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
I 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
Being a vegan myself , I 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan -- and Zen Palate is easily my favorite .
have always had a great time here .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
But , they were too big for the bun .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
Food is great .
Quick and friendly service .
Look elsewhere .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
You can do it here .
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
Again , if you are in this neighborhood - by all means , come here .
Nice value .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com ,
I ca n't wait for the nex time .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
I 've never been treated so rudely .
Really cool stauff inside .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
Feels like family when we go there .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
Was there Friday night .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
Try green curry with vegetables .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love .
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner , but nothing amazing .
i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
Not pretentious and very economical .
Tends to turn people away .
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
Go hungry and enjoy .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
The place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
I HATE HATE HATE this place .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there .
Great sushi experience .
What for ?
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
I 've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
The chicken dinner was real good .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
I love this place more and more everytime i go .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
It is also extremely well priced .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
The lox is always fresh too .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
Get it together .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
please do n't fool us .
Everything a NY pizza joint should be .
This place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC ( and I 'm indian , so I should know ) .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
from an English speaking staff .
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
Service was also very good .
All I can say is WOW !
This is the first place I 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Service was good and so was the atmosphere .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
This is my fourth try over a two year period , and I 'm done .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
less wait time for me !
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
The specials are usually quite good too .
Some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy 's .
Service was very friendly .
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town .
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
This place has the best pizza .
I absolutely suggest this place .
Acceptable prices .
The price very reasonable .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
The food was exceptional .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
Did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
Highly recommended !
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
At this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress WALKED away .
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
The place just is n't ready for prime time .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Molto bene !
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
Fine , I wont hang you for that .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
You will find everything about Trio to your liking !
Anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
The service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
Ca n't wait to go back .
Not what I wanted to hear .
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge .
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
The food was very well prepared .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
OK , I 've been to Dumont a few times now .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
After so many great reviews here , my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
I went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
Go here .
A great addition to Smith Street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
Its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
I 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
Everything on the menu is great .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
Well ... they can run but they ca n't hide .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
No plans to return anytime soon .
This place is so much fun .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
it helps if you know what to order .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .
Awesome
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
Everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
Great staff .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
Service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
The space is traditional in feel .
This is a true gem of the village .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
What more could you want ?
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we 've always been given the highest service and often free desserts .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
How have I never been to Agave before ?
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
Food was decent , but not great .
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
We were pleasantly greeted .
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
Great food , great decor , great service .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
Bring your appetites .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice .
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , I do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Maybe it 's that most of Dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but I can not recommend Dumont .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
There were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect English .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
I have been going back again and again .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
Do n't go .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
We got most of it back at home with us .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
Based on a visit a month ago , I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
So eat fast and order a lot .
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat .
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it .
The pizza was really good .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
Service is fast and friendly .
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
The design of the space is good .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
Bison was quite excellent however .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
I often go there to eat with my family .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
I 've had better chicken at BBQs !!!!
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
Hurley 's is terrific !
Authentic bistro !
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
but the food was delicious .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
Like I said , Nick and Joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
For asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
And I could do without the cigar smoke .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
The prices are wonderfully low .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
We were less than impressed .
But the service is HORRID !
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
Atmosphere is a bore .
so delicious !!!!!!
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
How do you rate home ?
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
Will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
Salads were fantastic .
Our food was great too !
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
I went to Ruby Foo 's after work with a group of 6 .
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope ( and NY in general )
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
There are many french bistros in the midtown area , and I wholheartedly recommend this one .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
The whole experience was satisfying .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
I come here enjoy very much with husband .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Run do n't walk .
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants .
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n't stop !
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
Cute and decorative .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
" The menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
Will never be back .
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
I am French and I really felt like home !!!
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
skip dessert .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
Need I say more ?
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
Weekends can get crowded , but still highly recommended .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
Again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
great experience overall .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
This restaurant is such a great place .
If that 's a problem , go to McDonald 's and destroy your insides .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
always fresh and delicious .
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
Ruby Foo 's is a tourist trap .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too .
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
This place is always packed .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy 's Bronx , or for that matter , Jimmy 's Uptown , again .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
I did n't go there for food so I ca n't comment .
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
I was pleasantly suprised .
Go hungry and enjoy .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
Get there before 7pm .
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO !
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
My entire family was horrified .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
really depends on your luck !
Service - friendly and attentive .
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
And cheap !
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
Finally !
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
I heartily recommend .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
It 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The decor is what initially got me in the door .
I would highly recommend .
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
I 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
I am a die hard peep lover .
You ca n't go wrong here .
They are the best bagels I 've had .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
I 've always been seated propmtly .
The wait staff was very attentive and polite .
I absolutely love this place !!!
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
No thanks !!!
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
If you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
It is also extremely well priced .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
I love this place .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
We visit at least once a month .
I ca n't stand this dungeon .
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES .
Good creative rolls !
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight .
Great find in the West Village !
Go for the Seafood Paella for two .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
The ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
It does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
Planet Thai is great !
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
But for the Shabu Shabu , you wo n't find much better in NY .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
Good Experience
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
The food was good overall .
But they do .
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
Really .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
I recommend it !
The service was ok .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
Ca n’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
It was raining , and we figured why not ?
My friend is 100 % right in the experience we had .
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
The flavors robust and subtle .
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they do n't make you by bottles .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
We love it , and took buses and cabs to get there .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
personally i say save your money .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
I mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
It 's to die for !
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
All toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
Jimmy is Dominican !
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
I heartily recommend .
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square , which is a shame since I do n't love this area .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
I 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
The main draw of this place is the price .
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
Is just the way it was in days gone by .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
The place is a lot of fun .
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered , I requested a vegetarian dish .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
Oh right , I should probably say something nice .
Great Hot Dogs !
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
It could have been handled better .
Ca n't wait to go back .
but the service was a bit slow .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
What more can you ask for ?
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
Too cold to enjoy .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
Appetizers took nearly an hour .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
I do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
Service is usually pretty good .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Maggot in the food !
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
It hits the spot every time
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
This place was the worst .
Such a disappointment ...
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .
I went there after hearing how great it was .
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
I was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
It is simply amazing .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Gigino 's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable .
Fish is so very fresh .
Food is great and inexpensive .
I 've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
We were exploring Grand Central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
It 's to die for !
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Never again !
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
Always busy but fast moving .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko .
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
This place is Italian , not French .
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
We were n't !
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
Ruth , mother of the Bride
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
One of the BEST
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
I went there with a few friends and will return .
We would return to this place again !
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
Highly recommended to all !
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside .
Do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
When she complained , the waitress said , Sorry .
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
Jimmy is Dominican !
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
The food was very good , but not very thai .
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
This is one of our all-time favorite .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Food was okay , nothing great .
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
Be aware .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
This place is great .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience !
I went there with my friend last saturday .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
it helps if you know what to order .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
Now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
The staff is no nonsense .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
The food was authentic .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater .
Lives up to the hype
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
My six year old loved it .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
She replied " well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . "
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
Great Indian food
The menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
The wine list is also really nice .
We were less than impressed .
Service was prompt and courteous .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
And all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
They are FAST .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
There is nothing more pleasant than that .
So , again , give it a try .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
It was well worth the wait .
It was wonderful .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
I know real Indian food and this was n't it .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
A big disappointment , all around .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth 's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
Went for Mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .
This food is asian-air fusion .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
I do n't get it either .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
Very , very nice
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
Love it .
Celebrated my fathers birthday here .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs , so be aware .
Great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
Love YUKA .
wont come back again for sure !
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
Okay , so I never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it 's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
There 's candlelight and music .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
Have the iced tea .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Don Pedro 's is one of my favorite restaurants .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
If you do n't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Then , IF they answer the phone , you 're lucky if they do n't hang up on you !
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
How can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
I only have friends .
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES .
Never got an explanation as to what was going on .
I wish I could like this place more , and I wish someone would retrain the staff .
Fantastic !
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
Its located in greenewich village .
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
The food was good .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
It 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
You should pass on the calamari .
We went there , no one greeted us .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
even the wine by the glass was good .
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
But , they were too big for the bun .
I 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
Now at the top of our list , Del Frisco 's Steakhouse .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
Service was on par but not wonderful .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
The food now is inconsistent .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
We were n't !
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
That said , I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I 've EVER had .
Decor is charming .
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
Everyone is welcomed in as family .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
Bobb V 's is a great place to take your Friends and Family !
Great pizza and fantastic service .
Try green curry with vegetables .
LOL
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
THe perfect spot .
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
I live in the West Village and I 've been to a lot of restaurants .
Good food .
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .
And I hate to say this but I doubt I 'll ever go back .
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
Loved it !
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
JUST AWSOME .
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent.I
highly recommended .
At first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Try the homemade breads .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
Highly recommend it !
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake .
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
It 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
If it is n't for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
I LOVE their Thai
Delivery is fast too .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
When you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ... especially considering the prices .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
After reading the posts , I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow , despite living in Park Slope .
It was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Killer Sushi !
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly , helpful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
I live on the street this place is on .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
Very good value
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
The caeser salad was great .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
The place was nice and calm .
Service was also very good .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
You will be satisfied .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
I went for restaurant week .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
Always busy but fast moving .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
This is , by far , my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often !
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
Skip Nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to Bark .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
I ca n't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York .
Look , the appetizers were really good .
We were very disappointed .
I do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I ’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
My six year old loved it .
Would NEVER go back
Our friends have not arrived yet .
This was a great surprise .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
So close , but not good enough .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
Our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
Service is top notch .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
I ca n't wait to go back .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
Very good wine choices .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
It does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
Highly recommended .
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
SO GOOD
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
No , really .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
Never fails to please .
I loved it and would go again .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
The wine the service was very good too .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
This place is incredibly tiny .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
Best In ALL of NYC
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
My fav was the sassy lassi ...
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
Zero ambiance to boot .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
The food is amazing !!!!
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Do n't waste money on decor .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
I wish I COULD be refunded !
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
Save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar .
I will definetly be going back .
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
I love it .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
Fantastic place .
We 'll definitly be back again !
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
Great survice
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
They are located in the middle of Chinatown !
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
The pizza here is delicious .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
Amazing !
Good , fast service .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
No plans to return anytime soon .
The food was good too .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
Service was very good and warm .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
A guaranteeed delight !
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED .
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
And the food was fantastic .
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL ( OR BAD SERVICE ) @ PIGALLE .
fine dining restaurant quality .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Staff is very accomodating .
The food and service were fine , however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
the food is decent .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Pizza was a little soggy .
It 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
Highly recommended !
it is not consistent .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
All I can say is they are fantastic .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
Our food was great too !
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
The design is very intimate and romantic .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
Do n’t go to this place !
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
the food is always fresh ...
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ...
Probably would not go back here .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
This place is always packed .
You have to increase the service a lot .
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .
I will go back to Suan soon !
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
I definitely would n't go back .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
Its located in greenewich village .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
Decor is charming .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
If you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
It 's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night .
Gross food – Wow -
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
Sure , the setting is nice .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
My husband and I had a blast .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
Keep up the good work guys !
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
but overall i give it a 10
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
Satisfying .
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
We go often for lunch and the place is packed .
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
I 'll be back for sure .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Enjoy !!!
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so I try to ignore it ) .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
I 'll keep this short .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
What an amazing meal and experience !
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
We live nearby BFC .
Impressed ...
Best . Sushi . Ever .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
Not because you are " The Four Seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
Delish and made to your liking !
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN , THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
Fish was overdone .
I have n't been to the other locations .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
The cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10 + , are delectable .
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis .
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
in conclusion , THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
The stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
The worst though was the taste .
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
Food is great and inexpensive .
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
The service was attentive .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy .
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
I would not recommend MEET at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
I will be going back very soon .
The comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
-- Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
This place is great .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
I definitely would n't go back .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
We order a bit of everything on the menu .
This place ... god where do i begin .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
Staff is very accomodating .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Have the iced tea .
Less = More in their case .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
Much more reasonably priced too !
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
I had a great experience .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
Stay away
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
JUST AWSOME .
No thanks !!!
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
However , it 's not worth a special trip .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
The best !
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we 've ever had .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
There are no negatives to speak of .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
Everything is delicious , though , my gf and I come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
But the staff was so horrible to us .
Get the tuna of gari .
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$ $ this is the place to be !!
I recommend this place to everyone .
The waiter was attentive .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
Have to tell you : Not at all impressed .
This place was reccomended to me by a friend .
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Save room for the desserts ! ; - )
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
If you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
The pizza is good though .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
Definitely not a restaurant to skip !
Huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
A million better places to go in the city .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
Interior was so so .
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
Went there for an office lunch .
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
Not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
You ca n't go wrong here .
We left , never to return .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
They are amazing !
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
It ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .
delicious .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
No apologies during restaurant week .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
A real dissapointment .
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn .
Even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
It 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you !
Believe me , they live up to the name .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
supercilious scorn is in .
I have to say the place was awesome .
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
So sorry I ca n't rate this better .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
Go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
Great food !
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
The frizzy retro girl ( with winged / Dame Edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
If just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
The fries are yummy .
However , I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
It just was n't Thai .
The atmosphere was great .
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv .
They charge different prices all the time .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
Prices are in line .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
This is the Cheers of New York , whether you 've ever been there or not .
Service was prompt and courteous .
Everything is very cheap .
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
The wine list is excellent .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
Actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
Stay far away from this place .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
I have been going back again and again .
The selection of food is excellent ( I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
Good luck getting a table .
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
its alright
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
the bestt !
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
And $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME !!!
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .
Yeah , it 's that good .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
Best meal in a long time !
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
my favorite place lol
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
Also very inexpensive .
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
Dumbfoundingly Poor
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
The pizza was great .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
Will not be back .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
No , really .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
By the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
Hats off to the chef .
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
The sushi was awful !
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
Good drink .
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful .
Great vibe , lots of people .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
This place is to be avoided .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
Our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
and there 's no way out .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
Very different than regular dimsum places .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
Just wish they 'd expand .
Will absolutely visit again .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
Both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
we love th pink pony .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
I was wrong .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
I pray it stays open forever .
All the food was hot tasty .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?
My wife and I went to Water 's Edge for a romantic dinner .
Curioni 's Pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
Highly Highly Highly recommended !
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
This place does n't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does , but it should .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
We arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
Nice place though .
After reading the great reviews , I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Two words : Free wine .
It is terrific , as is the value .
Probably would not go again ...
Great people watching as others do the same to you .
Best things to order are from the grill ( Churrasco and Ribs ) .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Service is average .
Pizza here is consistently good .
I will go back to Suan soon !
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Buon appetito !
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
Restaurant with a view
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
10
The staff is unbelievably friendly , and I dream about their Saag gosht ... so good .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
Faan is sooo good .
We will definitely go back .
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
This place has great indian chinese food .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe 's may not be your favorite .
Decor leaves something to be desired .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
but overall i give it a 10
The staff is courteous and friendly .
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
And affordable .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Definately check it out !!!
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
The fried calamari was even better !
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
great neighbhorhood spot .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
Take a good sense of humor , an American express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
The staff is very good .
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20 's / 30 year olds also .
Very cozy and warm inside .....
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
And the bill was outragous .
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
She then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
Old school meets New world .
love the food .
It 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown Brooklyn ) .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
... and that 's saying a lot .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Not worth it .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side .
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
We 'd go back again
I started going to dosa hut more after that .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
What a pleasant surprise !
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
I care more about the food and ambience .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
This is also where I was from .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
I am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
But , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria .
Still we keep going back : )
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
And it was quick which is very important .
The service is awful .
The food arrived in about 15 minutes .
Try the green curry !!!
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
I 've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block .
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE .
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .
less wait time for me !
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
The soup is pretty good too .
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
We left , never to return .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
You can not go wrong with this place .
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka !
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
If you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
Walk-ins are risky too .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
Great service , great food .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly , but I can say this is one of the best I 've had .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
The Management was less than accomodating .
Molto bene !
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
Just go and see for yourself .
This restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
you guys rock .
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
A must try !
Good drink .
This was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
A nice find in the neighborhood .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
The bagel was huge .
Guess the 555Soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
Overall , not worth the money .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I 'm in NYC .
Ca n't wait to go back .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
you should travel from the Bronx to try it ...
It 's traditional , simple italian food .
Good food at the right price , what more can you ask for .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
But that is highly forgivable .
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie ( that do n’t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
Do n't go there !
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
I 'm a friendly person , so I would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
Result ( red velvet ) : Great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
Do n't waste your time or your money .
I go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
A pleasant surprise .
Anyway , the owner was fake .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
. the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
I recommend it !
Waitstaff are very friendly .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
Went there for a special celebration .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
The flavors robust and subtle .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
The food was good too .
My Chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean , Jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
You will not be disapointed at all .
go here for the drinks !
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
I have n't been to the other locations .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
This is a real gem of a place .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
enough said !
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )
Alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
Recommended .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
Food and service was okay .
I highly recommend it .
This place has been around for a few years .
I would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
Do not go to this restaurant .
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
We 'd go back again
Would definitely go back again .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
An excellent service
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she " had a BBQ to go to " that night - WTF ??
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
I just read Mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
over .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
The ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed .
Worth a visit .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
Before the place did n't call my attention .
I look forward to eating here again
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
Never again !
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
Good for dates or with friends .
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
they live up to the thai way of living .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
but the service was a bit slow .
This place is average ... at best .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
Service is fast and friendly .
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
The omlette for brunch is great ...
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
Stay away if you 're claustrophobic
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
Mazing interior .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
When the main course finally arrived ( another 45mins ) half of our order was missing .
Too many other good places to have to settle .
No free drink .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
Definitely not worth the price !
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
This restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy 's restaurants to friends , I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
We had a very nice time .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
I would highly recommend this place !
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
What you are paying for is the environment and the name .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Unique apppetizers .
Nice for one time special occasion .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
You 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
I would definitely recommend Mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
Over price , and small portions .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
SUM IT : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
If you go here , do it on his off-night .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
They used shredded cheese on top !
Something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience .
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
And all of that wo n't break your bank !
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
I was so stunned , and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
Expensive
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
She just nodded and walked off .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
The waitress was not attentive at all .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( I have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
The service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
The food is great and authentic .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
And the food , well the food will keep you coming back .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
The food 's as good as ever .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
Somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
Also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
great hot dogs . .
Went for a late weekday lunch .
Very good wine choices .
The level of rudeness was preposterous .
Thank You Emilio .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
Even with John 's and Joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
Overall , worht every penny .
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
Boy was I wrong !
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
For Park avenue I expected so much more .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
keep up the good work .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
There was no ambiance .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
And really large portions .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Planet Thai is great !
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
I 've been here twice now .
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
If you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Highly recommended to all !
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
This place is a great bargain .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
To speak of the Park Side , words can not describe .
since the first time I came here I 've been hooked .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
the food - not worth the price .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
ALWAYS full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to Rockefeller Center ) .
Was there Friday night .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
The food was spicy and delicious .
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
awesome
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
Service was quick .
Big thumbs up !
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
The Thai food is good .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
Well worth the trip , close to City Hall and downtown subway stops .
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
Very good service and very good prices .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
Just not good at all .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
If you do n't like it , I do n't know what to tell you .
I am going to the mid town location next .
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
The staff is very friendly .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
Nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious .
go to any corned indian restaurant , and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme !
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
The location is perfect .
Great Indian Food !
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
Big and gawky on the outside .
( The sashimi is cut a little thinly .
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
The hostess was very pleasant .
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
We were then shooed inside .
Overall , this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
Maitre-D - " Eat and get out "
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup .
went there last night with my coworker .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
Obviously run by folks who know a pie .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
It was wonderful .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
Great staff .
Service was wonderful ;
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
For the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants .
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
Amazing !
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
You 'll adore it .
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
Will absolutely visit again .
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
The lox is always fresh too .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
There is " Expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " Expensive-and-WTF " ?
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
Came looking for this place because I heard good things .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
They never came back to refill our glasses again .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone , but they were out of it that day .
You 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
Go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside , she recommended that we go to this restaurant .
( that is A MUST , but not every restaurant can do ... )
A hearty two thumbs up !
It 's a great find in Astoria .
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Love Pizza 33 . .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
Filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Check it out .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Amazing food .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
Fish is so very fresh .
Nice view of river and NYC .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
Avoid this place !
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
Love Pizza 33 . .
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
I do not recommend .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
I grew up on these bagels .
Although small , it has beautiful ambience , excellent food ( the catfish is delicious - if ya do n't mind it a lil salty ) and attentive service .
It 's convenient .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
I go twice a month !
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
We always enjoy the pizza .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
Fantastic !
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
And you 're hungry a few hours later .
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
Since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
We 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night .
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
I think this a a wonderful place .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night .
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village .
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
Definitely will be back !
All in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
Drinks : 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $ 35 each .
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
Unbelievable .
I would go back tho .
Delicious crab cakes too .
My friends and I go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again !!
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
A defitely must visit .
You will not be disapointed at all .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
Okay service .
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .
Maybe it has improved since then ?
It was wonderful .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
Disappointingly , their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
Good Food
Have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
Kudos to Po !
I love the place .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp .
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Wonderful !
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
We thought the dessert would be better , Wrong !
A guaranteeed delight !
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday , we sat in the tent .
I think locals rate this place so high .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
I ca n't wait to go back .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
please do n't fool us .
We all felt it was worth it .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Great pizza for lunch place .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
Why ?
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
Will not be back .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
But trust me it is so worth it .
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say " I 've been to the four seasons restaurant " .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
I do n't think I would go again .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
For $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .
You will not be missing anything .
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
We will come back !!!
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
It is bland and nothing extrodinary .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
We were then shooed inside .
What a ripoff !
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
Pizza here is consistently good .
It was good , but none of the flavors WOW .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
However , our main course was wonderful .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
I love it .
Delivery is fast too .
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
Excellent food for great prices
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
Zero ambiance to boot .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
I loved this place !!
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
It is terrific , as is the value .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
I go twice a month !
Always great service !
i dont how this place is still running .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Chef Waldy 's always measures up .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
I had the best ravioli ever .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
The fried rice is really good too .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
They 're terrific !!
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
Fantastic place .
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe 's to eat here .
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more !
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
Suan has challenged this loyalty .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
The place was quiet and delightful .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
The food was actually aweful .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
I 'd definitely recommend this little place .
We had a good time .
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
Drinks way over priced .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
food was luke warm .
I have never had anything like it !
We were not disappointed .
Just do n't do it .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
( La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico ) .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
Fast service .
I was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
Make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
would NOT go back .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
I loved it and will be back soon .
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
Not cheap , but not that expensive either .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
Drinks way over priced .
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
A pleasant surprise .
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
very good breads as well .
We 've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price .
I would highly recommend it .
Overall , not worth the money .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
A wonderful place !
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
I would not recommend this place to anyone .
Besides , we were on vacation !
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
Dessert : pure disaster .
Ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
This is where the aforementioned line was .
I live nearby and when they first opened , I ate there a lot .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
Food-awesome .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
Unique apppetizers .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
But too far east !
So , I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
However , it was worth the visit .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
I would definently recommend this restaurant .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( I hope Mom does n't read this ! ) .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
Place is open till late , no dress code .
Horrible experience - stay away !
Not enough wines by the glass either .
It was good , but was not what I thought it would be .
Chance is a joke .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe .
Nice value .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again , I will certainly stop by .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
Very pleased
$ 170 down the toilet ...
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
Highly recommended .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
Went there for an office lunch .
Service was quick .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Unbelievable .
I highly recommend this restaurant !!
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
black white shakes came out good also .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
Excellent experience .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
I 've been to Joya twice and I will never go again .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
I had the best ravioli ever .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
It hits the spot every time
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
and you ca n't beat the prices .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
This was one of the BEST restaurants I 've ever been to .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
They all know you .
Delicious , creative and fun .
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
After we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of Brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
Its worth the wait though .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
service was efficient courteous .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
I had roast chicken and a salad .
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
We will definitely go back .
Would not return for the amount we paid .
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
And the food is fantastic .
Go here .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
Would NEVER go back there .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
It 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
wont come back again for sure !
It is thick and slightly soggy .
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel .
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
but still my date was bad
All the staff is absolutely professional !!
Nothing special about this place .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
Not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
Moderate prices .
Guess what , I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , I wish you would have said something earlier " No apology , nothing .
The steak melted in my mouth .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
The service was great as well .
On a recent Saturday night , I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
And really large portions .
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
I would go back .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
It 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
Leave the kids at home !
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
not only is the food
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early .
The food options rule .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
Her review is above .
I showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening .
They charge different prices all the time .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
Want to impress ?
Although the restaurant itself is nice , I prefer not to go for the food .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
fine dining restaurant quality .
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
