Quick and has built in virus control .
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
What 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it does n't keep what I put here are my aratings
The battery life is also relatively good .
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook .
This is the first laptop I 've owned , althougth I used several at my previous job .
While we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for buisness !
This ai n't it .
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
I love everything about it .
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba .
Bottom line , if you can afford it , get a Mac !
Came fully loaded - good .
The MAC Mini , wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done .
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC .
Not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
Its everything mac offers .
The configuration is perfect for my needs .
To this day , there are NONE .
Unfortunately , the laptop I purchased was also a Dell and again , I have to say i hated it .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
They were great in handling this problem , and I 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
Other Thoughts : Do not purchase this product .
I went right out and purchased another laptop .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
I do not know for sure .
- They reported that the computer is in their headquarters .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
It 's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April .
Memory is upgradable .
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper .
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC .
Battery life needs more life .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
HP said I had done the damage .
Great laptop that offers many great features !
Recommended to people as their first laptop .
I dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
You just can not beat the functionality of an Apple device .
It s heavy for Mac book but is good .
Windows 7 Starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
Overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since .
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
Do your research on this issue .
Purchased as a gift for a friend .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
It seems to be incompatible with everything else .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
apple and quess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
You will not regret buying this computer !
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
I wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
This one has had the same effect .
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
Other Thoughts : Received replacement 16 Days later .
I had the same reasons as most PC users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
This is a great value for the money .
Before , I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer 's site .
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
Good luck with your purchase options .
The thunderbolt port is awesome !
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
but it came back in even worse shape .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products .
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service , on my Eee PC I get 3 bars .
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells .
This laptop has only 2 USB ports , and they are both on the same side .
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
The only thing I miss are the " Home/End " type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long .
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store .
The problems started with just the screen freezing .
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
I did n't like one thing about it .
Then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
Simply amazing computer !!
Besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
And , if you are going to deal with HP be careful .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
The only thing that I have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import .
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student , so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
1 . You can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does NOT support that function ) .
GET THIS MACHINE
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection .
It works great and I am so happy I bought it .
Then only FOUR months later , my great MacBook pro FAILED .
Exactly as posted plus a great value .
It came before the day it supposed to which is great .
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem .
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
I burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so I can place it there .
Of course , eMachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
That 's a huge difference .
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS .
I did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
If you have to ask you do n't own a Mac and your just not in the know .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
I am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
After that the said it was under warranty .
The benefits were immediate !
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
We carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the LCD just " slide " downwards .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
This is the first macbook I have ever had .
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine !
Despite the inconvenient weight , I opted for the 12 cell battery .
Actually , I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC .
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
I would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that is n't good at all .
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times - sometimes too sensitive , and sometimes a bit unresponsive , but it 's usable .
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat .
I just love this lap top , I just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back .
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone , then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
While I mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , I 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I 've come to appreciate from Mac laptops .
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too !
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value .
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro !
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video , so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying .
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon .
I have recently converted back to a mac and I could n't be happier !
Exactly that , users .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
However , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
The battery is really long .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
Enough said .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
Graphics are much improved .
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
I feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
I love the keyboard .
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well !
The only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
At least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
Overall a nice computer .
- Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT !
2 ) Blue screen first month
I should have sent it back to them then .
The difference is phenomenal .
I pondered very long over this decision .
But you must get the 15 inch .
The graphics are great .
it might be something deep within Windows , for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
Was not happy with one of the programs on it .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
I 've tried going back to XL but there still problems .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop .
In my line of work , I often have to take work home , and this makes it so easy .
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming , as I have a desktop rig for that reason .
Now they are believers in the product .
The speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
I am loving the fast performance also .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
Never been hacked .
It is not even a year old yet , so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
Since I 've had this computer I 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset " - Inquired status of repair .
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM .
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars !
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job .
They click .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
I 'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC .
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with .
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned .
I complain again ...
And it 's so quiet that I do n't hear it at all .
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
See retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
They do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I 've used .
The book is useless .
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
I do everything on this computer - check email , facebook , shop , check blogs , write papers , listen to music , and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv .
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great .
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
This is a review of windows vista system .
All I can say is I am impressed .
Dismantle the whole thing ? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
However , I can refute that OSX is " FAST " .
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
All the problems I have had with PC 's are solved with a Mac : the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
So this review might be a tad bit bias .
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
I had read online that some users were having sound problems .
This worked just fine .
But then , something goes wrong .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
Was very much worth the price i paid .
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
No Viruses !
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ) .
Currently if I use the laptop I ca n't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs .
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
Hieroglyphics are quite common .
I would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
I 've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer .
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
The battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
Overall very impressed , Thank you Apple and Amazon !
Sony , Acer , Dell , Packard Bell and Toshiba .
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop .
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion .
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
Oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP .
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
Luckily , Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one , but instead I got a refund and bought a mac .
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using .
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
The performance is awesome .
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life AMAZING .
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
It doesnt get hot like my PC , with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime I forget how to do something i just google it .
For the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you do n't matter .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
This laptop does everything I need it to very well .
and if u did .
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
I 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
( Beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
I did a review on it , its awesome .
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
I waited and waited and no laptop .
All my devises “ talk ” to each other .
Probbly the worst decision we ever made !
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
For this purpose , it 's great .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
I claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing .
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could .
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009 .
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I 've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb , 201
i had to return it for a replacement .
I would suggest this product to anyone .
Whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows ( or Winblows , as I like ot call it ) .
Programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
But I do n't see it as a problem .
I worked in IT retail sales before .
Games being the main issue .
They did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it .
There were small problems with Mac office .
Very nice so far .
My MacBook Pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
But , like I said before , the only reason I do n't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
Then it ceased charging at all .
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz ) .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Visited MacHouse Amsterdam .
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
It 's fast at loading the internet .
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
dell is a decently made pc .
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
another satisfied customer .
Overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
User friendly , fast and high tech It is amazing !
I 'm going back to DELL .
Will probably never buy a HP again .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to " FM " as opposed to the default " CD .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
And it is impossible to get them back in .
It has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
Summary : Dont buy HP .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
I have an iPhone , and iPad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini .
It 's outstanding too .
I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
One of them seems to have worked .
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
The speakers could have been better but it was n't a deal breaker ... this is a great little laptop ... love it !
Handles all my basic media needs easily .
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business .
They told me to reprogram the computer , and I did n't need to do that , and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her life .
My house is now 100 % Macbook .
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
Im glad that it has such great features in it .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
Very good quality and well made .
10/10 five stars would recommend .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
They definitely have a superior product !
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
Do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? It will NOT !
Overall , still a very nice machine .
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
It has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs .
Acer wo n't replace the laptop .
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
Buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac .
She said Wal Mart rants and raves abouy carring Dell because it 's a big name but they are a piece of garbage .
I will only buy apple laptops from now on .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
That day !
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
I really do n't like it , but I am stuck .
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
I love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
After 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
* 4 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam , decided to send complaint email to Apple .
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare .
I 've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it !
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
Screen is bright and gorgeous .
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing .
I am so happy to have purchased this computer .
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook , it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop .
This is not Best Buy 's fault .
Probably wo n't work either .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac .
I took it back for a full refund .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
It 's so useable and responsive .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
I like it !
I will also say it is much better than I expected !
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously .
I had a MacBook Notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
It can not save the correct date and time I set .
Stay away from Envy .
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere .
If that is the case , then I am completely happy
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
Be safe buy a Sony .
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop .
You will need them if you want to reload the OS ( I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
I asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
Still pretty pricey , but I 've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund , and finally got to use it .
If anything , I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
When I turned it on , nothing .
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
You might think , I am new in this game , but I am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first .
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest .
Do you ever think HP would do that ? NEVER !
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market .
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and I 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but I still expected better product quality for this price range .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
I love this program , it is superior to windows movie maker .
All was well .
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
In short I would never buy a Compaq again .
I had my IWORKS , Itunes , Email , MS Office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
The computer would not ever cut back on .
It does n't bother me though .
Its also FUN to use !
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
The only downfall is the volume control .
On two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
The best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
Please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro ..... always !
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
Great pick for portability and affordability .
It is SO much fun to play with .
The price and features more than met my needs .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar .
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
I am just ONE of the million customers .
First of all , I 've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years .
Not super light but still a good one .
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes .
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user , meaning I average about three " tabs " .
I paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
When my Dell laptop gave up only after 2 1/2 years , I decided to buy MacBook Pro .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
People know what they are talking about and they have pride in the product that they are selling .
Words can not express how much I love my new Mac .
also it is light weight compared to others .
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? So , I said I wanted a new set .
I got the new adapter and there was no change .
Lord HAVE MERCY !
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient .
The screen takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
Good computer and fast .
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
I went with him and we picked this one .
EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems .
I am a freelance graphic artist .
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card ( ATI 5870 ) / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " Senior Tech " .
I do n't really have a complaint .
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
The touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
I will be patient for few months .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one .
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
A lot of help they WERE N'T !
I 'm going to buy a logitevh c270 .
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
I love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
( but Office can be purchased ) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba !!
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
This is what I call a good after sales service .
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7 , what about us Vista users ? They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system .
Excellent speed for processing data .
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
Very nice unibody construction .
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
I bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
That 's the downside for me .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
My last laptop was a 17 " ASUS gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago .
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
I have had a Mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to PC .
Not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems .
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66 GHz 15 " Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
This machine was a horrible experience .
Looked at HP , ASUS , Acer , Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked .
The machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
It should n't happen like that , I do n't have any design app open or anything .
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
I first purchased this Dell model " 1764 " on April 6 , 201
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
We did not even have it a year .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
I 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
Registration/1st use is easy .
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
Mac tutorials do help .
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
returned it to walmart .
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections I turn on should work .
Not easy to carry .
Very small and portable I 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It 's better than expected .
my information was all lost ( my fault , I know , but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac , the paragon of all computers !
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
( I had been a Windows/Linux user before this ) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for ( Internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi .
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE ---- BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY .
Worse , for the price I could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
It is super easy to use .
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC .
I had to have these computers in my school .
It is amazing .
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare .
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid ( I have tried both Motorola and HTC ) plugged into the USB port .
If you have much higher expectations than that ... I would look elsewhere .
I did not like my acer .
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
I love everything about this computer .
Just what the doctor ordered .
I am taking back today .
It was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
The machine itself is alright .
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
I like the lighted screen at night .
All of the programs ( Keynote , Pages , Numbers ) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
I love the operating system and the preloaded software .
Either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
It really is perfect for work and play .
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon did n't have it yet .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - )
I had to pay for the shipping !
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
I am very Happy !
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
Once you go Mac , you ca n't go back !
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
I love this computer .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
$ 999.00 Tax free .
It 's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc !
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
Did n't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
Comes with iMovie ;
great battery life .
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro .
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
It 's solid .
Then I 've fixed the DC jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
I am an Info Sys major in college , so I started researching this issue on my own .
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
It is extremely fast and very compact .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
Got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
So you out of of notebook and money .
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $ 250 loss .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
thanks for great service and shipping !
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up .
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
The keyboard is too slick .
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( I could see them ) .
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews , but I 've found it fine to work with .
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box !
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook , just was n't sure which one .
It 's color is even cool .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
Very Very Highly Recommended .
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about .
Beta had better quality , but VHS became the industry standard .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , I just didnt really wan na spend the money but Im glad that I did .
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
Now I could get myself a cheap computer , that will probably work a whole lot better !
VERY disappointing :
defective software .
wonderful features .
Apparently they 're not special anymore .
I used windows XP , windows Vista , and Windows 7 extensively .
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
The gray color was a good choice .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
This thing sucks !
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
Who could n't love a DVD burner , 80-gigabyte HD , and fairly new graphics chip ? As I soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon !
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
There is no HDMI receptacle , nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device .
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
returned it .
I do n't know why I did n't make the switch sooner ... o ya because it 's expensive .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
The pictures are clear as can be .
But if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple .
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS .
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you 're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I 've never used a computer that performs better .
This laptop is insane !!!
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
It is so much easier to use
Why not 5 stars ?
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
Every day I had this computer , something failed on it .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors .
As it turns out , I just did n't know any better .
It took so much time .
A MONTH LATER , we reinstall the OS ( Vista ) .
I went from BestBuy to Dell , Windows to Apple .
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
Every single one we 've gotten we 've had problems with .
Runs very smoothly .
Graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player .
Performance is much much better on the Pro , especially if you install an SSD on it .
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac .
Before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
This mac is great !
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one , but IMO NO STARS
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
Without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
I have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
the two of us use it regularly .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had .
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8 .
I was psyched .
But , I would recommend this product .
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
Other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook I do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
I Love my new computer !
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
I 'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
You just lose a customer .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
They are simpler to use .
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
Very annoying .
This comes in very handy for me as an educator .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
From the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect .
It turned out it 's not really a problem to have a Mac .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
It is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
His was worth $ 36 .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
The only bad part is the size/weight .
System is running great .
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
Maybe not the cutting edge ( Satellite L455D ) but it is a workhorse .
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
Price and purpose is awesome !
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS .
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it .
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
Very disappointed !
I am not happy with my purchase
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
Love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
Yes , I have it on the highest available setting .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 " Imacs .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $ 962 :) .
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do .
I 'm just really happy that I waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine .
The rep did not even answer my question , I had to ask him , if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access .
No big deal .
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
Laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
Also , HDD secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
Even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
Hope this helps !
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas .
I 'm going back to PC .
Now , I guess , I 'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed .
Other than that I do n't have one complaint in the world !
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused .
very very slow laptop .
Even out of warranty !
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
It would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
Now , as easy as it is to use , and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
They would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing .
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop .
I am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC !
Apple hit a home run here .
If you buy , pray you dont have major prolems .
A * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
So , I went back .
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro .
Deal of the year .
Still have n't solved this .
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
I could n't be more pleased .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it .
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time .
I do n't want to RUN a computer ; I want to USE a computer .
What can I say , It 's an Apple .
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
- they lost my laptop for a month
Delivery was early too .
I am very happy with my first Mac .
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
So far , so good !
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
The computer was delivered as promised .
I had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my State 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy !
Great battery , speed , display .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months .
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO !
So I called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , I just chose to hide the message .
But I was completely wrong , this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use .
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room .
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly .
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
Design : very durable .
The graphics are stunning .
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident ( long story ) .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
however , I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
Being a tech savvy , APPLE - product loving person , I 'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro !
i cant believe HP put this out .
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro .
In the three years I 've had my MacBook Pro , I have never had a virus on my computer , and I do a lot of work on the internet .
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money .
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
But I needed a laptop for school use .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
When I took it back to Best Buy I asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
I would never tell anyone to buy one either .
Pretty disappointed about this product .
Setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
I hate to say this , but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back , then I would .
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
It 's also fairly easy to use the Operating System .
I can never go back to a PC now , this machine never freezes or has any problems .
It will make life so much easier next semester , just wish I had it last semester !!
Buy it , love it , and I promise you wo n't regret it .
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade !
Strong build though which really adds to its durability .
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD .
Money and time well spent !
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift .
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
Since I never really got to use this , I ca n't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
One bad thing is it gets hot .
It was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
just chill and enjoy .
Again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
I ordered four D620 laptops .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs ( Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc ) !
The quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
A couple things you should know :
The display is beyond horrible .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
Well , they do n't care a bunch .
the mouse is way way way to sensitve .
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
Unfortunately , it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town .
I 'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
As a lifelong Windows user , I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac .
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
Time will tell .
I would recommend this product .
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
The PhotoBooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
It is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it , I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use .
It 's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it .
It did everything we expected !
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell .
I left the place angrily .
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
Size : I know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
I use it now more than I even thought I would .
I ordered through MacMall , which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally .
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I wo n't have to worry about a crash .
I like it so much , I bought another just for my wife .
My HP is very heavy .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
I think this computer is super lame .
This machine rocks !
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
Buy the Mac Mini it 's a terribly great machine .
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
It is super fast , and always loads .
Also , if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft , there is a charge , which I believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with XP if they could .
The screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
It is , however , very heavy .
THEN , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
4gb of ram ...
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past .
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
It started out getting hot after only a few months .
After much battling with HP i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
What a waste .
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
Nothing about it that i do n't love , apple always makes a great product .
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
You can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps , it needs signature to pove that you received it .
High price tag , however .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
- Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
Never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
I made the right decision .
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier , and I 'm glad that I did it .
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones .
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
This Mac Mini makes the Macbook Pro seem slow .
Thanks , MacConnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs .
It WORKS !
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
These new problems were the final straws ;
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is DESIGNED to fail !
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
This is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
Built-in apps are purely amazing .
So far , a great product .
At $ 1899 to start , this is no cheap machine .
It was always getting froze up .
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
It was quite easy .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it !
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old .
Yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
However , it did not have any scratches , ZERO battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box .
Would do business again .
Actually , I had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
Buyer Beware .
It came in brand new and works perfectly .
Thinking about returning it
return it .
Very fast boot up and shut down .
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though .
Toshiba is a great brand , even though I have n't had it for a long time , I am very happy with it !
they have not sent a new one nor called .
It was an all around waste of money for me .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
But guess what ? ( you have to buy an external dvd drive it does n't have a built in type ) The notebook ca n't be used because it does n't read anything for an external drive .
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD 'd during that time !
I would not recommend this product to anyone .
It works really well .
I upgraded it 's RAM to 2GB , I am very happy with it .
I 'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC !!!
- Apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
She told me flatly , " It 's like that one .
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
I would never buy a Dell again .
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ( " Ivy Bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
It out performs any other laptop on the market today .
There are several programs for school or office use ( Pages , Numbers , Keynote , etc. ) , music ( Garageband ) , photo management ( Photo Booth , iPhoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( iMovie ) , etc .
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 " MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 " ( Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
The OS is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a PC , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS !
One more thing , this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables .
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4 Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
Enjoy your sitdown
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
This is a great machine !
? I am only interested in the 15.4 McBook Pro Model # MD103LL/A
I do not like too much Windows 8 .
The speakers on it are useless too .
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
I 'll wait and save up for a new one .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
falls into the case .
After doing CAD work all day at work , using a higher end PC , I could n't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer .
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
The OS is fast and fluid , everything is organized and it 's just beautiful .
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
It 's annoying very much and I wo n't ever buy any Acer products .
Received the product promptly and without any issues .
Great , quick laptop for the money .
I was considering buying the Air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
Nothing wrong with this computer at all !
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked .
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
It is so simple to use , I use it more than my desktop .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
I just hope this expensive laptop does n't go dead like my friends ... it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
It is better than my old acer laptop .
I mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
I do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and I 'll never buy another one because I 've put more into it then it is worth .
And windows 7 works like a charm .
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
Called tech support and got the usual Acer " We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " I explained there was no software involved in booting .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook !
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
Sorry , newegg .
the battery is irreplaceable .
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
Before I got my macbook , I owned a Dell laptop .
Small and still VERY powerful .
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive .
This laptop is a great buy .
I can do pretty much 75 % of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
Minis make sense for a lot of people .
I ' v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac , but MS Office does n't even come with most pc laptops .
luckly i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games ( WoW ) to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
It was weird .
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
Love it so far .
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba !
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
It 's light and easy to transport .
Now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba , too .
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
So , I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
I 've always used PC 's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac .
The battery life is great .
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
Also the display is exceptional !
I had to pay $ 100 for a universal charger for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
I love the form factor .
I have n't tried the one with retina display ... Maybe in the future .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working .
It 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
There is nothing better .
It has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it .
and looks very sexyy :D really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which I miss on my Apple laptops .
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and USB devices are recognized almost instantly .
This was absolutely annoying !
ASUS said my net-book was working properly .
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
Its perfect , not much heavy .
I wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one .
It 's face and depanable .
But if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
I practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
I just fell in love with this thing .
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop !
Right size and weight for portability .
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
It works great for general internet use , Microsoft Office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
The touch pad is among the best .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst .
packing and everything was perfect
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
The computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
A scratch on a $ 1,500 MacBook is unforgivable .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
Looking online , many people are having the same problem .
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
After looking at all the pros and cons , I decided on the Macbook Pro .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
Avoid this model .
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE .
I ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
it has had some problems .
Mac is not made for gaming .
I ' have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
I 've had a Toshiba laptop in the past ;
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
The only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
It looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
I do not plan on going back .
BUT there 's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows .
And the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
Like the price and operation .
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
That 's very possible , but since they do n't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine , I was stuck until Windows 7 came out .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
- Estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( I even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I ca n't imagine ever going back .
The extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII .
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
Otherwise , all other features are a 1
This machine is A-mazing .
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
Thank God for " ctrl Z " Bottom line , I 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig ( you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC .
The screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
I am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
I love the size , keyboard , the functions .
It has everything you need to get the job done .
I love the multi-touch trackpad .
However , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you 're gaming ) .
Its a pretty decent computer .
Made interneting ( part of my business ) very difficult to maintain .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner ( ! ) .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
Logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
I am a full Mac convert now .
No problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend .
It 's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
Good laptop for the money .
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
It did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
I might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
I am so addict to this laptop .
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
Also stunning colors and speedy
My smart phone is faster !
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM .
It 's A MAC !!
They removed them and returned the computer to me .
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple .
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
It is a bit heavy .
I 'm very happy with this machine !
Boots up fast and runs great !
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
I use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
Right out of the box , this little netbook did everything I asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
The ease of use is wonderful .
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
Dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
Needless to say a PC that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands .
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am .
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas .
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
But not in this case .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
Enjoy using Microsoft Office !
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
Very happy with my purchase .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
It is a cheap throw together .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
What I 'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory .
This laptop serves all my needs .
Have one myself and Love it !
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
I saved about $ 100 plus tax ordering on Amazon and since I have prime , it arrived overnight for just $ 3.99 more .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
So if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
, Applications respond immediately ( not like the tired MS applications ) .
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install , but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu .
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used .
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
UPDATE : Two years after buying this laptop , I am now the proud owner of a lemon .
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
I have used a couple of others on the job as well .
So far , I have no complaints .
Even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
can never go wrong with apple products .
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro , this thing holds its own .
I ca n't honestly say I was heartbroken .
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
It has worked fine .
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP .
The baterry is very longer .
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
They say it could be the motherboard again , but Dell
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors !!!!
It did not have all the features I expected it to have .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple .
It 's very annoying .
Although my model was listed as recalled , HP denied my claim .
No luck , although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls ( difficult to believe ) .
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
The sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
To those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school .
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work .
The screen shows great colors .
I 'm glad I bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
I think that was a great decision to buy
The laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when I click on it it says : " Consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full charge .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I 'm doing now !
I love its solid build , light wt and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
Which was way too much money .
its sad because their commercials are great .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
Note , however , that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
GREAT INVESTMENT !
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP , but I use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
PC users work in Word , while Mac users work in Pages .
Well designed and fast .
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
I like the operating system .
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( I do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
After the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
The Macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it .
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
As a user of a PC , I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself " Getting the job done quicker .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
I think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90 's .
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
I also liked the glass screen .
It 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
I love it !
But after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie Internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
Peformance is good for the price .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
I have been a PC user since middle school , but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side , or should I say the brighter side of life .
The computer blinks it shuts off at will .
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK !
It Was a great deal after all .
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME !
I do n't have any technical pearls to share .
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare , I 'd buy the Pro line though , the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model .
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER -------- LOU
its by far faster and more stable then my PC .
I would buy it again in a heartbeat !
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend .
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
You just get a trial version either way .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the Mac OS ) and the range is poor .
Asked the customer service rep.
Clear picture on it and everything .
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one .
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100 % OF THE TIME .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
Suffice it to say , my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
The system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
Heck , if I had enough ' money , I would but it as a gift for someone .
So I called , AGAIN .
My laptop now has no battery .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems !
I have used PC 's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy .
Easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
I love this little one .
Also , it hardly ever crashes .
Nice screen , keyboard works great !
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
Finally , I purchased a Toshiba .
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if , since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it 's " like new , " I might have 8 months next time .
Info : Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
Some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
I have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
Overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
I got what I paid for .
( You may be reading one now !
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite .
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV .
I love my macbook pro !
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset .
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution .
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows .
This was a gift for my grand son .
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
It is not ideal for children because of the temp .
WIth the upgraded memory , the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
Bottom line , I doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
But I was wrong .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
Just a black screen !
The display is awesome .
Well , I bought this laptop a month or two ago .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
The acer one compuer is a great computer .
The price is higher than most lab top out there ; however , he/she will get what they paid for , which is a great computer .
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days .
I am definitely sold , and not going back to PCs for home use !
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac .
Unfortunately , that is not the case .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
Does everything I need it to , has a wonderful battery life and I could n't be happier .
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists ( a vice of which I am recently myself reformed ) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs ' at this point .
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
I 'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro !
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
It is held in place magnetically .
The unibody design is edgy and durable .
I will not buy another one .
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
Really great ... Well let me start at the beginning .
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , TOPS !
- No backlit keyboard , but not an issue for me .
Screen is crystal clear , yes it 's small - but it 's a netbook !
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
As for the laptop , this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years .
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also !
The internet speed is spectacular .
OSX Mountain Lion soon to upgrade to Mavericks .
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it .
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN .
If you need an affordable , entry-level laptop , this will fit the bill .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best .
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
Speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
I do not recommend this company or their products !!!!
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
Honestly , I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
Finally decided to try a MAC because there were too many choices of which PC 's to buy and EVERYONE who had a MAC said " buy a MAC " .
The love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
Everything else just install and go .
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
If so , you may be having similar problems .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall ? Yeah , I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire .
I 'll stick to Tashiba .
It 's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
There 's literally no way to make it sing with Vista .
Even though it is running Snow Leopard , 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel .
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone .
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764 .
Best Buy Rocks !
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
Features like the font are very block-like and old school .
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed .
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter .
Yet my mac continues to function properly .
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium -- delivered with only 1GB of RAM , and it was a * dog * .
My wife also has problems with her Asus - different model .
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
Yes , the MBP is more expensive than competing PC laptops .
I was waiting for this model to be released since January , and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up !
I 've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
Runs smooth and quick .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped .
Macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac .
I have three words : Piece of Junk !
! so nice . . stable . . fast . . now i got my SSD !
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the Mac .
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
I have loved this since i took it out of the box .
If a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5 .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags .
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show .
I 'm pleased .
In short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing Rover your dog ) .
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
I also own an HP notebook and it does n't even come close .
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
It is so speedy .
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it was n't LIKE THAT .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it .
It 's all a bit magical .
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop .
They do n't crash .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
And this is n't just my one experine .
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
Those things are very important - vital even !
Satisfy what I paid for it .
However the frozen screens kept happening .
but in resume this computer rocks !
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
Received all four in good order ;
Great Laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
I let my friend borrow it , and she knows nothing about computers , and she used it with ease .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for ) .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
You know what ? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
I bought this Macbook Pro from Best Buy under a year ago to replace my old Macbook Air .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem .
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
But , Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
The " Time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem .
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
Do n't waste your money !
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what I 've done .
Great OS , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP .
I have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
I 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
I ca n't say enough good for it !
I 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
And I can attach my projector to it .
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
It 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
It 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
Love it .
The programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route .
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
Save your money and go for a better device .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
Unfortunately , Apple 's quality has continued to slide .
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 ( in PC enabled with USB3 ) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
I ca n't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print .
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
But reasons we chose this Apple computer .
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it .
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
It is meant to be PORTABLE .
This is the third in a series of MacBooks starting with a Black MacBook .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
Its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
I re-seated the " WLAN " card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
It 's a joke .
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK !!!
I 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
So glad I decided to upgrade !
Great things come in small " packages .
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb .
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
Replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
In my house , HP is a nasty word .
And I 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air .
Screen , keyboard , and mouse : If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
It is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , I find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
I had never owned a Mac before ;
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
SO ? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT ? C'mon , I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
I would definitely suggest this laptop !
I shopped around before buying .
Not worth it one bit .
I am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
There are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but , I have n't seen them yet .
Considering another computer should be out of the question
In addition , all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I 've ever put my hands on .
Overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they FINALLY agreed to replace it , ( ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS !
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening .
I am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look .
Ok first .
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
Added an iMac about 2 years later .
The pricing is very competitive .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
I am pleased with the fast log on , speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
I ca n't even turn it off .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
) I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 10
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
This a starter notebook .
This is definitely a computer worth the money ;
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
Which is what I did , check out my ACER 5517 !
To me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam ... Definite Buy ...
What a mistake !
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
Just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
I took the laptop home and not even a month later , I began to have problems with it .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS !!!
I got the first " Blue screen of death " in the early part of July .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
After they found no other way , they told me to courier it to them ( since they do n't allow the use of the post office ) at my expense , and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it would n't be covered .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
I have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
We used PC products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
It 's fast , light , and simple to use .
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
Most of them were either too big , too noisy and too slow after 2 years .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
It 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
Fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
This one still has the CD slot .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
10 plus hours of battery ...
This is perfect for her field .
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7 , then I will truly be a very happy geek .
I LOVE IT !
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
They claim call center is still down .
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
There has been no problem with anything .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
From the get-go , the M6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made .
All in all , I 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with HP as a whole .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
This little netboook is helping me get work done !
I love a " pc " but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
bought notebook 07/2009 .
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
It 's shiny and it 's pretty .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
Took it back as it was defective .
The technical support was not helpful as well .
got another 1 , and same issue .
Unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
Also , you wo n't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus .
The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved .
I love the 15 " MacBook Pro .
It is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer … .
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned .
They 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
All for such a great price .
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were .
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product .
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure .
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
They ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months !
I just plug this into my 22 " Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core .
But the mountain lion is just too slow .
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
Great product .
Also , I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate , and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
PLEASE MAKE THESE !
excellent in every way .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
It works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
was a great deal i will give that .
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised .
By the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
Extremely disappointed with the way it is .
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad .
So , I 'm cooled on Mac buys .
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
A great college tool !
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though I will upgrade this and the ram . . )
My wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
They are about the same size keys .
I think that they are the best out on the market .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the LCD ) .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
I like the brightness and adjustments .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
The nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
The price is 200 dollars down .
For me , five stars is not enough .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
So I got another netbook which I love !
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
My only disappointment with the 13 " model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life ( of about 2 more hours ) .
It was returned on the third day I owned it .
I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
I think it was seventy nine plus tax .
- Bluetooth ( 2.1 ) , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic/Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 ( for me ) on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
I am most impressed with the programming , including the iPhoto .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
I was so happy with my new Mac .
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
Buyers beware .
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
It completely supports my home business and personal life .
I should have bought one a long time ago .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
I have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba .
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
I ca n't imagine EVER buying a PC again !
Could n't have asked for more !
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
Runs like a champ .....
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
At first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
I highly recommend that you buy this product .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
- When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them , I tried to call .
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
It 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
I use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP , well , I 'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone !
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
I 've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it 's all about .
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie !
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
Then the hard drive failed ;
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
The 4 USB ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
With today 's company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone .
I paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and I am not kidding you , I called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
In fact , somehow ( and I never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
Thank you so much for the great item .
Good luck .
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
It also does not have bluetooth .
After using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
It runs perfectly .
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
another problem .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
It 's great and we will always stick with Apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
I wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so I was directed to a nice looking HP Laptop .
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
4 ) Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
All the yada-yada .
You will fall in love with it in no time .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
( 3DMARK6 score is only 8500 ) .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
The Toshiba Mini Notebook , Model NB 305-N410BL , is a great little computer .
The notebook would not turn back on again .
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved .
I 've saved a lot of time and headaches so far , using my new MacBook Pro .
I 'm pretty sure it 's not newegg 's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue .
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
HELP , HELP , OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER .
For some odd reasons the computer does n't reconize the operation system .
The graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
It was over rated !
I will never go back to a PC again !
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
We were occasional Mac users before , but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford .
2 months later , the battery went .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
Two times with in one month .
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
I 'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
When i finally held it in my hands i kissed it , yes i did .
Small and light weight .
I also bought one for my wife , and 3 for my office .
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
Now , the next issue I had freaked me out .
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
I just bought the new MacBook Pro , the 13 " model , and I ca n't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports .
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both !
This computer is absolutely AMAZING !!!
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
Thank you .
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit .
It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
However , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
I really like the size and I 'm a fan of the ACERS .
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere .
The software is amazing .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
I 've only had it one day , but I really do love it and I 'm happy it was economical and I 'm finally able to own a Mac !
I tell everyone that I know , friends , family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used .
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
Yet , HP wo n't do anything about the problem .
he ca n't stand it .
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
And in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
Loaded with bloatware .
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product .
Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it .
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
We now own two of these , identical .
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems .
The right speaker did not work .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
Do n't waste your money or time .
Sound card is limited though .
It is just slow slow slow .
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA !
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
For the same price , you get a lot more in the Asus .... 1920x1080 res .
It quit working within a weeks time .
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
So it was only about 2 weeks ago .
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC .
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac .
But I 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
I 'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you 's .
Set up was a breeze .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
The laptop is gorgeous .
Also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " Star Wars " saga .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
Still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
So needless to day , I 'm not happy .
Mom , Dad , Brother , sister , You name it !
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
There is no " tools " menu .
I 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and Apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
It still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
For the not so good , I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy .
I am stuck with a laptop that I can not do very much with .
May be better for the occasional web surfer .
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to ( CS5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
I did add a SSD drive and memory
Also , I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
But I did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC .
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba , purchased specifially for attending online schooling .
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer I got ( that WAS worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the Docking port .
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
Basic computer .
This computer was awful !
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
By week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though I did not use it too much .
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser .
It is everything that I would want in a computer .
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
The computer is a dream come true .
Out of all the laptops I have owned , this is by far the best !
I fell in love with my machine , and it was pampered .
NOT WITH APPLE .
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
This device has met my expectations and I 'm sure it will meet yours .
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com .
Also , macbooks come with much more features which are so cool !
Runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
Dell sucks
Even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
He has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
- Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
I was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the Mac store .
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable .
I took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their Geek Squad headquarters .
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems .
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
This has happened three times so far .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted , but I did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
I spent 2200 dollars on a " top of the line laptop " .
I will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
Plus stylish .
The OS is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
We did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
Runs real quick .
They say sorry out of warranty .
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so I sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
This was the second computer and brand bought that day .
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
Let me start with the good : So awesome .
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
I 've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates .
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
Fast , great visual !
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need .
And inconvenient !
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
While many people brag about Mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC , but once I got the hang of it , I do n't want to go back .
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
been a PC user for many , many years .
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently .
I love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention PC 's require .
Very disappointed with Apple .
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
This is my first apple laptop .
This thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything I could ask for .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
Still not bad for 220.00 .
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
Summary : They played games with me for the warranty period .
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues !
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
I ca n't even remember how I finally got it taken care of , but I was done with Sony after that !
My kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
They are not .
The keyboard is top notch .
Amazing machine .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
This computer was awful , I would never recomend it to another person .
I 'm done with WinDoze computers .
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional , Windows 7 Home Premium , Windows Server Enterprise 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise .
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
also the battery is completely shot .
Kind of annoying , but I still love the laptop .
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop .
Very light and easily maneuverable .
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
This is a great computer .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world .
That 's right , no power , absolutely NOTHING .
Sent unit back and it 's been two months .
I am very happy with this laptop .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
More relieved than anything .
This item is a beautiful piece , it works well , it is easy to carry and handle .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
They gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
It 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
Obviously , this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way .
The ultimate graduation gift .
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before .
LOVE IT I 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
Took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different FedEx offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world .
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair .
They do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
Very fast for my needs .
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it .
It is as good as new .
Garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
He LEFT ME , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase .
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it .
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
I guess he was the technical person .
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003 .
Oh , boy !
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
This mouse is terrific .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
I 've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts .
He did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
It ca n't get any better .
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for .
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer !
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
It is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
This is another reason to like the Mac .
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
I should have kept my big , old HP .
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC ( a Sony Vaio ) , but it was basically no better than my old PC , so I returned it .
I also made a recovery USB stick .
Needless to say , the leap from that to this has been amazing and ( aside from the financial reasons ) I am astounded that I had n't made the switch sooner .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
Its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are GREAT !
HP said it was out of warranty .
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs , but he thinks it is worth every penny .
I am very pleased with my purchase !
Highly recommended !
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
True quality at a great price !
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
( The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive . )
I use it mostly for content creation ( Audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
C'mon , LG .
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
Took that one home , same thing .
2 . The wireless card is low quality .
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
It has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and abilitiy .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " Buy " and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
The criticism has waned , and now I 'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
At first when I got this product , I loved it .
It has happened again and I 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
Clearly , there is something wrong with the product and LG did n't take up the responsibility .
All the above aside this machine ROCKS !
Excellent product for the money .
I want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
Great deal on an amazing lap top !
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc , is not hard at all .
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
The new os is great on my macbook pro !
Keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that I do .
Few viruses to catch ;
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school , I had a hard time from beginning .
Keyboard could use some trimming .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
I go to purchase it on line , and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
Each time taking about 1 day or so .
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8 .
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more .
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket !
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC 's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
The screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it .
But with A WAY Bigger Screen , and IS able to connect to an HDMI .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop .
It is easy to use and lightweight .
But the Macbook is the best !
at first !
So this was great for me .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
Just a month and a half or two months ago , my VAIO crashed again .
Oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC 's .
I shipped out on Saturday , July 17 .
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity .
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
I thought it would be a simple job .
I took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
Chatting with Acer support , I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore , Apple does n't even offer it anymore !
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
CONS : Price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too !
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006 .
Theres also iDVD , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
It super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from !
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
Taking it anywhere was a pain !
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel .
It 's so bad that I 'm thinking I only got half a battery or something .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date .
It 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... In resume : it 's a Mac !
The battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
i try to use it today and I ca n't logon .
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was .
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops .
I have had many , many issues with PC 's in the past and I 'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution !
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
I 've had this laptop for about a month now .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
I saw this one , and I have the most difficult time trying to use them , they 've made great dust collectors , I hate putting this computer down
That is my only complaint !
That 's how frustrating it was .
3 ) Horrible customer support
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
Awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful UX .
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous .
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
I recommend the Macbook Pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
Let 's just get this out of the way , I love Apple !
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
Dells are ok , HPs are n't that good , but Macs or Fantastic .
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future .
Downfalls : sharp edges .
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the MBPs .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
So far , so good .
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
Couldnt not use it .
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP , I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
It 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
They really screwed the pooch on this one .
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
BAck she goes !
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
DEFINITELY recommended !!!
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
This mac has been a problem since we got it .
It just works flawlessly !
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to Louisville Ky .
Many thanks , Overstock.com .
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin !
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for .
It 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I 'm struggle with finding the correct keys ( but that was expected ) .
The battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
Otherwise , I love it !
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
With a healthy pessimism , I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
This is by far thee best , most reliable computer I could find .
They are closed at 9pm eastern .
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
I was always against them but now I buying one I 'll never go back to PC .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
Buy this .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
It is fast and easy to use .
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini !!!
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
When the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
Its a dog plain and simple .
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
Perfect trifecta !
It 's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small .
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary .
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
They sent out a Sony ' Certified ' technician .
- Managed to send complaint email .
Wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
I have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
It really is very light compared to other computers .
Will certainly use MacConnection again .
i love to use it it is esay and light .
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
It 's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
I was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong .
Plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
But until now , no complains at all .
The battery has never worked well .
Summary : Spend your money elsewhere
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
Apple care included .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
Keyboard responds well to presses .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
Get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind . . I love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is Fast and clear as can be .
Seems to me that 's the best way to get Apple 's attention .
The display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp .
The last new mac I bought was in 1998 .
Soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
It makes a great gift .
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook , I decided to go to Dell 's website and update it .
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
It 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
I 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition .
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
Simple to use , and great graphics .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
Have n't regretted it one bit .
We both recently got new laptops .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
go for it !
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
I babyed the heck out of it and i still do .
It does n't heat up like my old laptop .
( No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
I did not take the class and wish that I would have .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
The screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
Its fast , has High definition quality in the videos .
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
Well , I started using Google Chrome , which is a little better , but it freezes too sometimes .
However , this will be my last as well .
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family .
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product ( my five year old Compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
I did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
i 'm returning mine
It is so great , I can Hardly ever take my hands off it !
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
I purchased my first Mac and am glad I did .
I had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer .
I blame the Mac OS .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
I was WRONG !
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 " Mountain Lion " .
It 's A MAC !!
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
It did n't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
I ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
Who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
I am glad I did my research .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
Hope this helped !
Was n't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different .
Three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
5 ) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
I fell in love with it .
Not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
Have used only Macs for years .
This is a great little computer for the price .
The 13 " MacBook Pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
The Notebook PC , Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me .
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
No tutorials on the display .
:) In the past four years I 've had it I have never once gotten a virus .
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it .
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
Very satisfied .
If you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
They also use two totally different operating systems .
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
It was at my door in less than 24 hours .
I 'm now trying to decide on another Dell model .
No HDMI port .
The Macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( I have the 13.3 " model ) , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program .
You can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish .
All you get is a box and a computer .
It is very well built .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
I LOVE it !
This computer is the ideal college companion .
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased .
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was .
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
You know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
Apple did a great job .
Vista is a nightmare .
it was shooting sparks !
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
Screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
It has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
Every time I log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through .
its more like a snail crawl .
The device speaks about it self .
I 'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE .
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
If it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a Friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
I was a little worry at first because I do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC !!
It 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive .
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great !
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
I love this piece of equipment , It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro .
All you have to do is turn it on and it works .
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop .
I loved it then , but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet .
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling .
I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
I will never purchase a HP again ever .
Very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
This thing is a lemon .
They don t translate from a Mac , even on Word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
Startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
It was n't worth it .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
I was n't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money !
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
Overall , it 's ok .
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in .
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products .
I just love my Mac !
I also got the added bonus of a 30 " HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
- When battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair ( 26th of August ) .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
This machine delivers .
Winters is on it 's way and I imagine it will be cozy .
The touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again !
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO !
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 1000
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
Nice packing .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
They 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
It 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb .
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27 " iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
I have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
but after i got used to it i love it .
I can not be happier with the service or product .
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
It does n't have a lot of frills , but I did n't need any , and being able to buy what I needed , and not more than I needed was very important .
I love the glass touchpad .
Hopefully my replacement is brand new .
The driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
The SuperDrive is quiet .
You better believe my next computer will be a MAC !
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
The computer did what it was NOT supposed to do , and I did n't know what to do ....
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
* IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP , THIS IS NOT IT !
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
Though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
So , if you 're thinking of a laptop , I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook for all your needs !
To list a few : They tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns , as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
Better stick with another brand .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops , it is worth the price .
My Macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it 's better than ever .
That system is fixed .
Images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode .
But in fact it is totally the opposite .
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift , and i 'm totally ( almost kind of maybe definitely ) obsessed with it .
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
I am still in the process of learning about its features .
In the shop , these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
I honestly love my mac , thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict .
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
I absolutely love my mac !
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now .
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
It 's catatonic .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
I enjoy having apple products .
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer , not will I buy Gateway , or eMachine as they are all from the same company .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
it is really expensive though .
you will not regret it , promise you !
It was a laugh too !
Yeah , to you .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
I will not be using that slot again .
It 's now all commodity hardware .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
- got it back 3 months later
Either way I 'm furious .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
And if you are switching from a pc I hilghy sugest this one .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
BTW , I checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that I was not alone , far from it .
Then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
Turns out this is a common problem .
I 'm very impressed .
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
for 2 months .
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase .
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
I was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it .
They 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
At first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
Im very happy with this computer !
only good thing is the graphics quality .
Apple " Help " is a mixed bag .
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( I bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
That 's quite a bump up from the $ 599 that this little guy sells for , which leaves me to my next point .
I purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
Stay away from HP .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
So much faster and sleeker looking .
There is nothing to complain about the system .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
Features such as the Dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops , the Macbooks are worth the dough .
I will never buy anything from HP again !
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
I wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
Not sure on Windows 8 .
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
Honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
I love the Apple products .
i love the keyboard and the screen .
We were PC users .
- Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam .
I 'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration .
NO more Lenovo for me .
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port , HDMI , ethernet and 3 USB ports .
So far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the HP I replaced .
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video .
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
Needless to say , not to happy with the product .
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port ( will work with adapter ) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them " de-bugged " .
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent .
lots of preloaded software .
Only issue is that it is a little slow , and I 'm fixing that by adding more RAM .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
I will never go back to Windows !
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
I 'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product .
It has a very high performance , just for what I needed for .
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything .
With no problems , I 'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
HUGE Apple MAC Fan !
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
It 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
I would recommend not buying this product .
You wo n't be disappointed .
This laptop leaves alot to be desired , I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is , I never expected to have an application crash within the first month , but I did .
I 'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up .
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
the speed is fine .
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems , as well .
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
This mac does come with an extender cable and I 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac .
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
No Cd Rom in the new version there 's no way I 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
I stayed up half the night enjoying my new MacBook Pro .
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
Premium price for the OS more than anything else .
Do n't buy this model .
WiFi capability , disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport .
It 's a good fix , in my opinion .
That being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
Love the speed , especially !
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
I liked the aluminum body .
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection .
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place .
I would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east .
not the day received .
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
The games included are very good games .
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier .
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch .
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great .
Customization on mac is impossible .
It was getting old and I needed a new school computer .
First , you ll discover that the word processing program known as Appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
It may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
My friends are in awe every time they come over !
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything .
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
