This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more.
It bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic Chrome.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP (what I thought was a reputable company) wouldn't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart.
at first!
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically.
I would not recommend this product to anyone.
NO more Lenovo for me.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
If it's not shipped on the next business day, called on a Friday they are closed on weekends, what was the next step.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
UPDATE: Two years after buying this laptop, I am now the proud owner of a lemon.
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.
It's fast, light, and simple to use.
It's solid.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
They are so realistic I am just speechless.
Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
I would never buy a Dell again.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
The battery is really long.
No installation disk (DVD) is included.
this is one of the reasons I purchased it.
Time will tell.
Have used only Macs for years.
  They removed them and returned the computer to me.
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone.
I love this laptop, and use it everyday to do something, and never lets me down.
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus.....
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
He came into my house, fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it.
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried.
  After paying over $1000 for this computer, it was not worth it.
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it won't even be dead.
(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.
However, If I sound enthusiastic about this, I am!
  So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped.
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations.
Typically, when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience.
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included!
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
I'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross.
But if you are in the computer field you probably wouldn't be here.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
Seems a much more economical way to get into Apple than their other computers.
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
I blame the Mac OS.
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple.
I've had friends with Acers who seem to have had similar or exact same problems.
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
This is what I call a good after sales service.
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO.
First of all, they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I'd paid almost $400 for, and I had to call in, spend hours on their online chat service, and fax in multiple documents.
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac.
Yet my mac continues to function properly.
I feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town- lots of people, little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector, etc.
But the mountain lion is just too slow.
Gave phonenumber.
tosiba has a good reputation, my llast computer was an acer.
I did not like my acer.
This mac has been a problem since we got it.
Don't buy this model.
I got what I paid for.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
You won't be disappointed.
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too!
Hopefully Amazon will take this back.
Recommended to people as their first laptop.
The acer one compuer is a great computer.
Actually, I had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!
It is better than my old acer laptop.
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!
I just fell in love with this thing.
We were occasional Mac users before, but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford.
Sound card is limited though.
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site.
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded.
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
(You may be reading one now!
I just can't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
I am glad I did my research.
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life.
When my Dell laptop gave up only after 2 1/2 years, I decided to buy MacBook Pro.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him.
Before i bought my new i5, I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability, dependable, and long lasting operations.
Get this instead, you won't be sorry.
Two, owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
I have never had an experience like this.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
In fact, he said, about 10% of their products fail.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
Accordingly, I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product (my five year old Compaq) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed.
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did, and I have all of the programs that were on my PC.
  I have used a couple of others on the job as well.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
We were PC users.
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier.
She told me flatly, "It's like that one.
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork.
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors.
I really wish I had done this years ago.
The one thing that Apple does right is computers.
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program.
Overall this laptop is great.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
12.44 seconds to boot.
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased.
It will make life so much easier next semester, just wish I had it last semester!!
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one.
Design: very durable.
defective software.
The battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
its as advertised on here..... it works great and is not a waste of money!
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure.
Fast, great visual!
Buy this if you like being tortured, teased, frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.
They have more problems then a 1980's computer.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
It really is perfect for work and play.
excellent in every way.
Very very disappointed!
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
I like the laptop overall.
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
  Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights.
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage.
I'm very impressed.
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology, downloading pictures and graphic design.
We are addicted to the Mac.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player.
It seems to be incompatible with everything else.
I shopped around before buying.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
" This isn't a big deal, I haven't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media, only through USB output.
It's also very energy efficient, running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb.
The technical support was not helpful as well.
Can't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me.
There were small problems with Mac office.
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing.
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure.
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops, and they have been outstanding, including this one.
Runs like a champ.....
I have used PC's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
It's catatonic.
You know what? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
  I loved it.
You just lose a customer.
I was extremely happy with the OS itself.
For this purpose, it's great.
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they didn't even request for a receipt.
I have now had it for 1.5 months and love it.
There are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but, I haven't seen them yet.
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden.
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must.
You may need to special order a bag.
Its also FUN to use!
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication, HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note.
The Apple will run Internet Explorer, but at an amazingly slow rate.
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming, as I have a desktop rig for that reason.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
Buy this.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
The speakers on it are useless too.
At first it's like you're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors.
  However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything.
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop.
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase.
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it's spec quite easily.
And, if you are going to deal with HP be careful.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
It's not a wear-and-tear issue, not due to user carelessness and most importantly, they CAN'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome.
I'm pleased.
this is starting off good.
It is a cheap throw together.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
It's a nice little gadget.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years.
They don't seem to be susceptible to viruses, which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers.
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $300 less (he got a pc).
It is the best laptop ever!!!
At first, I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system.
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
I was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the Mac store.
After doing extensive research, macconnection had the lowest price on the 15" MBP i5.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit.
There is nothing to complain about the system.
It is very well built.
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.
Well, I bought this laptop a month or two ago.
It's fast, light, and is perfect for media editing, which is mostly why I bought it in the first place.
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
Games being the main issue.
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
I will only buy apple laptops from now on.
Needs constant repair.
Easy learning curve.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.
It is BLAZING fast!
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model, which gets hot and the battery doesn't make it through 1 DVD.
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem.
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007.
It was secure and easy to navigate.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, I broke down and spent another $100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac.
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me.
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that "It is like that one".
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!
So you don't get frustrated the first few weeks.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
-Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement, no answer.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion, so I kind of knew what I was getting, but hadn't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features.
I am not happy with my purchase
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro.
Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga.
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time.
I will NEVER buy (Refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is.
Still pretty pricey, but I've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund, and finally got to use it.
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i've had it.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
Have one myself and Love it!
  luckly i had a student task force able to help, or else it would have crashed within the first year.
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop.
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.
So needless to day, I'm not happy.
i would have to say that overall its great!
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.
The item received was exactly as identified.
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem.
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too!
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it.
)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it!
go for it!
Nothing bad to say about it.
Vista is a nightmare.
Took it back as it was defective.
I was so excited when my dad said i could get a new laptop for my birthday.
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
The battery was completely dead, in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside.
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem.
They're not safe, they're not durable, they just a worthless.
OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
Built-in apps are purely amazing.
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems.
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is.
3) Horrible customer support
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
I would never tell anyone to buy one either.
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
 A coupla months later, they change my hard drive.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
I've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it!
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer.
  Now, as easy as it is to use, and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop.
*IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP, THIS IS NOT IT!
I can't even turn it off.
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing;
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
Summary: Spend your money elsewhere
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco, returned it in santa maria, thinking it was just a problem with that computer.
Excellent speed for processing data.
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection.
So, I'm cooled on Mac buys.
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box.
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up!
  The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop, before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved.
There is no "tools" menu.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.
(For those old enough to remember, it is similar to Beta versus VHS.
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip.
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer.
HP said I had done the damage.
  Gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
Going to bring it to service today.
Cons: Screen resolution.
Great overall.
  I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there.
Screen is bright and gorgeous.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
This is another reason to like the Mac.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
Ok first.
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro.....always!
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
The last new mac I bought was in 1998.
I now own another Hewlitt Packard.
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future.
I'll wait and save up for a new one.
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
Not to mention, the battery life is absolutely amazing.
This thing sucks!
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there.
$999.00 Tax free.
great battery life.
It is a bit heavy.
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town.
He LEFT ME, instructions on what to do when this comes up, or that comes up......
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop.
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus.
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
Asked the customer service rep.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
I like it so much, I bought another just for my wife.
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute, but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro, this thing holds its own.
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS.
Dismantle the whole thing? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before.
To this day, there are NONE.
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
This is by far thee best, most reliable computer I could find.
It's the inside that is truly wonderful.
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
just chill and enjoy.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
Oh, boy!
  since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used.
So glad I have gone this route!!
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
I can see why the have soooo much money.
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless.
Taking it anywhere was a pain!
Its everything mac offers.
The gray color was a good choice.
The 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.
HUGE Apple MAC Fan!
Very disappointed!
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC (a Sony Vaio), but it was basically no better than my old PC, so I returned it.
This machine rocks!
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
I worked in IT retail sales before.
Great battery, speed, display.
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
This was a gift for my grand son.
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.
That is my only complaint!
Images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode.
It makes a great gift.
My laptop now has no battery.
Besides, the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales.
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original Mac.
From the get-go, the M6809 was unsteady in its operation;
And windows 7 works like a charm.
I've always used PC's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
2.The wireless card is low quality.
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.
Got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college.
It's ok but doesn't have a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
its by far faster and more stable then my PC.
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.
Of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Good computer and fast.
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch.
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in.
Small and still VERY powerful.
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts...
I have had a Mac for 6 years and won't go back to PC.
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!
Runs good and does the job, can't complain about that!
I was waiting for this model to be released since January, and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software, but there is no guarentee.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
They were great in handling this problem, and I'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future.
The perfect notebook...
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone, but this Netbook was a very poor computer.
I had gotten this model for  $1199.00 on my State's tax-free weekend and had a $100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy!
I should have checked this before I installed my applications.
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying.
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC      When I first got this computer, it really rocked.
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
NOT WITH APPLE.
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.
Not working = bad
This machine is A-mazing.
Macs are designed for the "frontal lobe challenged" people out there.
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair.
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.
*6th week*-They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit...
I can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner.
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied.
So, I went back.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
what an elegant, wonderful machine.
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
Which it did not have, only 3 USB 2 ports.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.
  I was WRONG!
and then, a guy came out to serve me instead.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
I now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop.
I will be patient for few months.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
  Sony, Acer, Dell, Packard Bell and Toshiba.
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now, but keep in mind that Apple started it all.
This is a great machine!
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
Just be careful; you always have to give up some good stuff for others.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
This is what they told me: It heats up, and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops, and simply categorize them as portables.
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without.
It is the best all around Mac.
It crashes, and when it goes flat, it just DIES (like a PC, maybe worse) and I loose all my open documents!
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
so i called technical support.
I hate it.
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro.
The difference is phenomenal.
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling.
As a user of a PC, I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself "Getting the job done quicker.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs, but now that I have, I can't see myself going back to it.
I ordered four D620 laptops.
Seems to me that's the best way to get Apple's attention.
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused.
This mac is great!
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it.
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job.
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not.
It has happened again and I'm being told that it's $175.
With no problems,  I'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else.
Very happy.
Great wifi too.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
I'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple.
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself.
*=Webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.
It's A MAC!!
I highly recommend that you buy this product.
  Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product.
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief!
I called apple and no solution.
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer wouldn't go onto our wireless network and I wouldn't have the same problems because it was updated.
I'm pretty sure it's not newegg's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop.
I haven't used it for anything high tech yet, but I love it already.
I fell in love with my machine, and it was pampered.
Came fully loaded - good.
Ok, this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple.
They are closed at 9pm eastern.
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating.
They say sorry out of warranty.
OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable.
  We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair.
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro.
Save your money and go for a better device.
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs, but he thinks it is worth every penny.
Words cannot express how much I love my new Mac.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay, they are in no way comparable to the Mac.
, which Apple doesn't offer, is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy.
But, Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy.
I love the 15" MacBook Pro.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke.
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
Summary: After doing some investigation on the web, I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
Overall a nice computer.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
After they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(since they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it wouldn't be covered.
My smart phone is faster!
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
I would buy it again in a heartbeat!
IT IS TRASH!
Price and purpose is awesome!
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again.
  English must have been his third or fourth language.
I stayed up half the night enjoying my new MacBook Pro.
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down, this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I've used.
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba, too.
They are not.
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
Now, I guess, I'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor, hapless soul.
Battery life needs more life.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
System is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
Will certainly use MacConnection again.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
I was psyched.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now, maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
So honestly, I wasn't expecting anything less than perfection, and I wasn't disappointed.
This one has had the same effect.
Very nice unibody construction.
What's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision.
It cannot save the correct date and time I set.
It's fast at loading the internet.
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
Unfortunately, that is not the case.
Bottom line, I doubt you'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine.
  I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
As it turns out, I just didn't know any better.
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon didn't have it yet.
My son said it popped up and he clicked update.
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.
I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM.
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on.
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it.
Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there's nothing like a Mac.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
I bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around.
It's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it.
Finally, I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time.
Despite the plethora of problems, I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
Not super light but still a good one.
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
My children won't even use it  for their school work.
Added an iMac about 2 years later.
I'm very happy with this machine!
No HDMI port.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email.
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue.
I'm going back to DELL.
After looking at all the pros and cons, I decided on the Macbook Pro.
But I do NOT like Win8.
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.
It did fairly well, other than it's poor performance, overheating and occational blue screen.
I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports.
For some odd reasons the computer doesn't reconize the operation system.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
This is the third in a series of MacBooks starting with a Black MacBook.
Stay away from Envy.
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market.
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones.
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
It just works flawlessly!
Sorry, newegg.
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems.
I don't have that additional money right now, and therefore wouldn't have purchased it at this time.
The benefits were immediate!
Where you click and hold and drag it picture, link, etc to where you want it.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
  I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily.
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes.
I find it not to be very user friendly.
I bought it for college and so far it's amazing!
It WORKS!
Well, I started using Google Chrome, which is a little better, but it freezes too sometimes.
The ease of set up was terrific.
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new.
It is very durable, I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet.
It came before the day it supposed to which is great.
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there.
NO STAR FOR THIS TRASH.[...
I never have had a good result with this computer.
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago!
Yeah, to you.
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan.
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8.
Luckily, Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one, but instead I got a refund and bought a mac.
 I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
The laptop is relatively simple to use, though I bought  Macs for Dummies,  which is well worth $2
It doesnt get hot like my PC, with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime I forget how to do something i just google it.
I ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back, but the return calls never came.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur.
I'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect..i It is!!
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
I've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it's all about.
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
  Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer.
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs (delivery service was slow, and without the laptop I had no access to the internet, and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again), it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years.
Amazing Quality!
Summary: HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it.
They break down just as often as PCs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a Mac, they don't exist.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
It's A MAC!!
for 2 months.
 One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
Other Thoughts: I love newegg, I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable.
The battery life is also relatively good.
Couldn't have asked for more!
Very good quality and well made.
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO!
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.
Mac is not made for gaming.
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook, I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros.
The pictures are clear as can be.
It super shiny, so you can see the fingerprints easily.
They didn't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old.
  When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it.
I went with him and we picked this one.
It has worked fine.
I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up
Call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.
It is so speedy.
Runs real quick.
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
No temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset"-Inquired status of repair.
I had less problems.
No laptop is perfect, but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you.
I have the A65 - right now it's a paperweight.
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro, it is clean and organized, which I always strive to be myself.
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it.
this one, in my opinion, might be a lemon!
PDF files can be viewed instantly.
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so.
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well.
Other Thoughts: Received replacement 16 Days later.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
I also wanted Windows 7, which this one has.
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops.
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie!
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook.
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has.
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
  My favorite by far, although the most expensive, was my Sony.
I wasn't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money!
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
*3 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Visited MacHouse Amsterdam.
What a mistake!
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS.
It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product.
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet!
The computer was delivered as promised.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
Very Very Highly Recommended.
I was considering buying the Air, but in reality, this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier.
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need.
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once, it never slows down.
This machine delivers.
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe.
4gb of ram...
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card  unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in (battle of the Smithsonian) After on Hour mine was at 53% life left and his was at 69% life left.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
It was getting old and I needed a new school computer.
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with.
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me.
Do not purchase this laptop.
This was around three years, maybe four years ago.
The display is beyond horrible.
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products.
But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use.
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop.
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
The display is incredibly bright, much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp.
They offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like Toshiba.
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer, not will I buy Gateway, or eMachine as they are all from the same company.
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5's.
It was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.
This was my first MacBook purchase ever.
Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%.
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD.
I love this piece of equipment, It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro.
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie!
The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.
Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
Maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present.
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer I have ever owned.
His was worth $36.
I couldn't be more pleased.
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me, they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me.
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.
I love it!
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me.
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
It is robust, with a friendly use as all Apple products.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems.
  They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer, not  what I've done.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
I would definitely suggest this laptop!
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
This machine was a horrible experience.
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin (it happened 7 months ago) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig (you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich, offer a loyal customer like me, a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this).
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it fine to work with.
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside.
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, because it is very sensitive.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
I respond that I do not have the old computer...
This computer is absolutely AMAZING!!!
It is held in place magnetically.
However, there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.
It is extremely fast and very compact.
I had to return it because it wouldn't even start.
This is perfect for her field.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
  The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
The pricing is very competitive.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
I am ADDICTED to photo booth!
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there.
But the quality, in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand.
  Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!
  That was a big mistake.
After purchasing this thing, I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN.
Or the cursor would show up some place else.
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
I have had a black macbook since 2007.
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead....a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
-got it back 3 months later
Logic board utterly fried, cried, and laid down and died.
Still, this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work.
I don't know why I didn't make the switch sooner...o ya because it's expensive.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance.
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
So, I must say I am not a happy camper.
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if, since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it's "like new," I might have 8 months next time.
I'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
I've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
I sit down and use my husband's work PC and I don't like it one bit.
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook, just wasn't sure which one.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products.
  I was very excited because this was my first personal computer and I was purchasing it with my OWN money I had recieved from graduation presents.
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.
The right speaker did not work.
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates.
Apple hit a home run here.
It is everything that I would want in a computer.
Fits all my personal needs.
My last laptop was a 17" ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago.
the apple pro notebook will not let you down.
  I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.
I have had several machines over the years, both for personal and business use.
the speed is fine.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
I will not be using that slot again.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money.
Again.
I am a wife, mom and a school teacher and a college student.
May be better for the occasional web surfer.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great.
And if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no  forward delete  key.
Also, macbooks come with much more features which are so cool!
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day.
Also the display is exceptional!
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
I am a college student and it has been very useful.
  Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?  Probably not ever again.
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and this makes it so easy.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
You will fall in love with it in no time.
  even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat.
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs.
I'm tired of the inept service.
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all.
The price is great for this model, I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
But, like I said before, the only reason I don't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey.
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it wouldn't have ANY problems.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
I don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened.
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC!
All the above aside this machine ROCKS!
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
Unfortunately, Apple's quality has continued to slide.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key.
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it.
  three years is a decent life, but this must make it to graduation and beyond.
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this "never" happen...
C'mon, LG.
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I didn't like the trackpad.
I've had this laptop for about a month now.
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.
However, a NETBOOK will be a different story.
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
It's fun to take to a bookstore, sit in the coffee shop area, sign in to WiFi and look up book reviews of books I might buy.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
But I didn't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC.
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
  It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
Images are crisp and clean.
Enjoy your sitdown
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac.
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand.
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation.
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop.
However, this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it.
Each time taking about 1 day or so.
So this was great for me.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser.
I am still in the process of learning about its features.
for two months, when YOU GUESSED IT.
Solution: it turned out to be pretty simple.
Apple is living up to its name with the mini and, for our needs, it's perfect.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything.
it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot.
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me.
I really don't like it, but I am stuck.
Very nice so far.
Which is what I did, check out my ACER 5517!
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell.
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached.
  This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling.
True quality at a great price!
This laptop does everything I need it to very well.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
I can actually get work done with this MAC, and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop.
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop.
And inconvenient!
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately.
Loaded with bloatware.
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything, so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient.
  The computer is so slow, even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up.
I paid for a new laptop, but was sent a used one.
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
Okay, let's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy.
They're absolutely useless, unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall.
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
It was quite easy.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been.
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
Since I have always used Apple products, the choice of Macbook Pro was obvious.
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it!
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars!
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
They would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem.
Now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
  I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem.
Apple care included.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop.
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either.
Overall, I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC.
This is my first LG product.
Extremely disappointed with the way it is.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
Dells are ok, HPs aren't that good, but Macs or Fantastic.
I first purchased this Dell model "1764" on April 6, 201
To me it's a workhorse... and quiet as can be... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam... Definite Buy...
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad.
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable.
But I was wrong.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
I did add a SSD drive and memory
Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
It wouldn't fit in most 17-inch bags.
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac, you will not be sorry at all!!
I've saved a lot of time and headaches so far, using my new MacBook Pro.
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too!
There has been no problem with anything.
Still not bad for 220.00.
In short, you could say your mac could become your best friend (no intention of replacing Rover your dog).
Even if you don't do business, thats okay, it's incredibly fast.
I was starting to boil.
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME!
That's quite a bump up from the $599 that this little guy sells for, which leaves me to my next point.
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
I love the multi-touch trackpad.
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer.
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue.
  Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses, a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route.
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised.
  while it was barely a bargin in the begining, i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others.
See retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop.
There is no cd drive on the computer, which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd.
Just what the doctor ordered.
I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future.
Can't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off (even then, it still doesn't shut) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user.
When it broke I wanted another Acer and chose the V5.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased.
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is  DESIGNED  to fail !
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
lots of preloaded software.
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
It's not a recommendation, it' a plea.
Needless to say, the leap from that to this has been amazing and (aside from the financial reasons) I am astounded that I hadn't made the switch sooner.
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it.
returned it to walmart.
It all just makes sense.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
It was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
Just a black screen!
It was hard to handle and operate at school.
Awesome graphics!
I saw this one, and I have the most difficult time trying to use them, they've made great dust collectors, I hate putting this computer down
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine!
I use it now more than I even thought I would.
I have recently converted back to a mac and I couldn't be happier!
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple.
  I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
To list a few: They tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns, as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up.
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin!
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
Without a doubt, the *design* of this laptop is fantastic.
I am loving the fast performance also.
Wireless has not been a issue for me, like some others have meantioned.
You might think, I am new in this game, but I am a gadget lover, and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years, and none gets this hot, that fast.
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine, and any connections I turn on should work.
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store.
Even set at the highest level, the computer sacrifices its  queen every time.
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review.
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one, but IMO NO STARS
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint.
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed.
This is a great little computer for the price.
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.
ASUS said my net-book was working properly.
Excellent product for the money.
The internet speed is spectacular.
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz.
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program.
I bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out;
It doesn't heat up like my old laptop.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super quiet and cool.
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion.
-Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly.
You can't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with.
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice.
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I can't imagine ever going back.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
I go to purchase it on line, and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later!
I had a MacBook Notebook, and it had absolutely no protection from viruses, spyware, malware, etc.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
BTW, I checked online regarding the old laptop that 'died' and found that I was not alone, far from it.
Easy to set up and go!
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.
Sad very SAD.
However, the machine itself left a bit to be desired.
  They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple.
Deal of the year.
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going.
So I called, AGAIN.
it has had some problems.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday.
After years of using PCs, a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer.
I'm now trying to decide on another Dell model.
I can do everything I could before, only faster and more efficiently.
WHEN TYPING, LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV.
  By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf!
Simply amazing computer!!
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
And it's so quiet that I don't hear it at all.
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier.
I would say that 85% of the design industry is Mac for good reason.
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past.
Great things come in small "packages.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
I absolutely love my mac!
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
I purchased my first Mac and am glad I did.
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself, with help of friends, and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it.
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy.
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke.
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling.
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas.
The reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my Documents folder.
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting.
It is super fast, and always loads.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
Never been hacked.
It is a big big, but since it has a 18.4" screen what would you expect!
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
Not good for a person who gets online daily.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it.
I can't imagine my life without it anymore!
Its a pretty decent computer.
Let's just get this out of the way, I love Apple!
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
I also made a recovery USB stick.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
" For one, I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
The price and features more than met my needs.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
Overall it's an amazing product, 5 stars!
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
There is nothing better.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
One bad thing is it gets hot.
I'm Very disappointed in Dell.
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy.
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school.
The baterry is very longer.
They refuse.
The book is useless.
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
Very fast and efficient!
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one.
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.
This computer was awful!
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates.
I've almost have bought every generation of MacMinis since 2005, and this one hasn't let me down.
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift, and i'm totally (almost kind of maybe definitely) obsessed with it.
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.
10/10 five stars would recommend.
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8.
At $1899 to start, this is no cheap machine.
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers).
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems.
The only thing I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long.
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
I highly recommend this product!
Note that I don't ordinarily take the time to write a review.
I Contacted HP  about this situation and was given excuses, without results.
As for the laptop, this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years.
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop.
I did not take the class and wish that I would have.
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.
The Macbooks worth every penny.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
the screen brightness automatically adjusts.
I've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks, and it really is a great computer.
  Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school.
Quick and has built in virus control.
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying.
It is fast and easy to use.
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with.
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap.
My MacBook Pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.
First, you ll discover that the word processing program known as  Appleworks  rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made.
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer!
I love the way the entire suite of software works together.
Fast, fast and fast, the web pages just fly by.
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment.
A couple things you should know:
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.
I went from BestBuy to Dell, Windows to Apple.
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I've ever bought.
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3.
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again.
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state (or more often, another country).
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB.
We both recently got new laptops.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
Runs smooth and quick.
The sound as mentioned earlier isn't the best, but it can be solved with headphones.
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect.
I had to have these computers in my school.
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
It was a laugh  too!
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.
I wanted a simple, reliable  laptop.
I have had another Mac, but it got slow due to an older operating system.
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
One, owning a mac is essentially a full production studio (in the case of a mac book a portable version).
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
It's very annoying.
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS!!!
VERY disappointing:
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out.
  I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty, so I got a new one and some other fixes they found.
Do I like the computer? Well, other than not getting viruses, I guess it is OK.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks.
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs, so don't go and pay for them, just ask for them and they should give them to you.
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later.
  The problems started with just the screen freezing.
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
Dell sucks
What can I say, It's an Apple.
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.
But while this is one big advantage (as you may know from the company s recent commercials) there are other things to consider before going with Apple.
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
That seemed to solve the problem, till I wrote an article with semicolons in it.
Thank you.
I wanted a computer that was quite, fast, and that had overall great performance.
  They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now.
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING.
I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
While Apple's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products, and their support is great, it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium.
Either way I'm furious.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
Everything is falling apart internally and externally.
Take the simple, easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around.
  Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).
What a waste.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow.
So if you move laptop a lot, it might get loose, however it sits pretty tightly.
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.
I've had a Toshiba laptop in the past;
I love this computer.
So far, I have no complaints.
Overall, still a very nice machine.
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
  Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
The macbook pro is really responsive.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
The specs are pretty good too.
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I'm really happy with the move.
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops.
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.
Also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it.
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
It was definelty a smart move.
i would never go back any more, i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone.
It easily fits into most computer bags but doesn't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks.
SO? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT? C'mon, I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
This a starter notebook.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
I LOVE it!
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
Two times with in one month.
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models.
I don't really have a complaint.
I started hainv problems with it within the first month.
Very disappointed with Apple.
This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...
breaks easily.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
But not in this case.
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service, on my Eee PC I get 3 bars.
Enabling the battery timer is useless.
Instead, I'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy.
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update, so if you don't save your files and information, everything will be lost.
The configuration is perfect for my needs.
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what? They fixed it, no cost out of pocket.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
I practically have a new laptop with all the "fixes" they have done!
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift.
This comes in very handy for me as an educator.
  the battery is irreplaceable.
I'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC!!!
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
It's light and easy to transport.
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up.
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
Which was way too much money.
I've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye'd the computer when I took it out of my bag.
Great deal on an amazing lap top!
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP.
can never go wrong with apple products.
So, I thought why not give Mac Book pro a try.
Far superior to my MacBook.
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click.
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for.
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing, which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion.
Love the speed, especially!
-Estimated time to fix it: 10 working days or less.
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.
I babyed the heck out of it and i still do.
The minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro.
I am very Happy!
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
  I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it.
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops, it is worth the price.
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.
I would  say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
  It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
Now for the hardware problems.
Never been happier using  computer.
1st hand experience is very important, especially for a new customer.
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini.
In summary, take your money elsewhere.
In all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.
In short I would never buy a Compaq again.
Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09.
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I've ever put my hands on.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
I needed a new computer for graduate school (had never owned a laptop before), and the only reason I didn't purchase a Mac was because my school's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs.
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access.
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made.
This is a great value for the money.
I would suggest this product to anyone.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer….
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
I want the portability of a tablet, without the limitations of a tablet and that's where this laptop comes into play.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
Its pretty much fire it up and go.
It's outstanding too.
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.
Keyboard responds well to presses.
only good thing is the graphics quality.
It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me.
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.
I also liked the glass screen.
A great college tool!
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
Posted Nov 8, 2010 - Two weeks ago I bought this notebook.
Like the price and operation.
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding.
And in 6 months, there have been no freezing up and no blue, purple, black or any other type of screen.
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.
It was over rated!
The new os is great on my macbook pro!
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction, like all the others, we smoothly with no problems.
Haven't regretted it one bit.
It's color is even cool.
Perfect--thanks so.
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!
Don't waste their money, save it and but a mac.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
I use that alot on my desktop, so I am adjusting to not having it.
I love it!
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
they will not let you down.
I will not buy another one.
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life.
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed.
This ain't it.
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition.
Adjust the sensitivity since it's not that responsive to begin with.
-Stay away from Apple, or hope you laptop does not break down.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it's very noticeable.
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
  Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
  I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
  Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display.
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
I can do pretty much 75% of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table.
i love to use it it is esay and light.
At least those computers didn't just die on me like this one.
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
Its a good laptop for its value.
My house is now 100% Macbook.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
It freezes, and it always shows that there is an error, so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it.
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006.
Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying.
Not worth it one bit.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
MACS ARE AMAZING!!!
I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated.
The Windows 7 Starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook: basics, basics, basics.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
It quit working within a weeks time.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game.
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
I'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
And I'm still paying the bloody financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three years !
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable.
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it.
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.
I can't even remember how I finally got it taken care of, but I was done with Sony after that!
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!
All was well.
Looked at HP, ASUS, Acer, Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked.
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards.
I love this 13" Mac white unibody.
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.
The SuperDrive is quiet.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
and finally i realized that mac is the best.
In those three years, I've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily.
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
Overall, it's ok.
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars!
Downfalls: sharp edges.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
This laptop is insane!!!
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like I will have to as well.
First of all, I've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years.
Overall, this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase!
But I don't see it as a problem.
It certainly does, but you rarely hear any of your friends with Mac's complain about anything.
i cant believe HP put this out.
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
So not having my laptop was discouraging.
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it!
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop!
Very fast for my needs.
On 3 July 2004, I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $150
Screen is a bit glossy, but that's not too bad.
It is also fast as can be... you get what you pay for... well worth the investment
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio.
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services.
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did.
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired.
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
It was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
I guess he was the technical person.
The apple care has never failed me, and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well.
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus.
All I can say is W-O-W.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.
they respond: "your dissatisfaction is noted"...
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first.
Runs very smoothly.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
This is my second laptop,and it is head and shoulders above my first.
My only disappointment with the 13" model is that they're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards, however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life (of about 2 more hours).
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
I just got this laptop for college, and so far I am very happy with it.
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted, but I didn't realize at the time it would be such a monster!
This is my first apple laptop.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
I got the first "Blue screen of death" in the early part of July.
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.
I let my friend borrow it, and she knows nothing about computers, and she used it with ease.
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me.
It runs perfectly.
He's thrilled with his new laptop.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
">  iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with: easy and convenient.
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
Few viruses to catch;
apple and quess what, you have to send the whole laptop in, too bad, so sad
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and I thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour....
I have three words: Piece of Junk!
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense.
Quietest laptop I have ever owned.
I switched to this because I wanted something different, even though I miss windows.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
A *big* upgrade from my 13" 2006 macbook.
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $250 loss.
I'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3  months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to  last).
Now I know!
I have an iPhone, and iPad, so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini.
I waited and waited and no laptop.
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro.
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
It's absolutely wonderful and worth the price!
(but Office can be purchased) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba!!
Before I begin, I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
it was shooting sparks!
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!
Overall very impressed, Thank you Apple and Amazon!
you will not regret it, promise you!
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
Comes with iMovie;
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
  After the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq.
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
The driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks.
Received all four in good order;
I don't want to RUN a computer; I want to USE a computer.
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production.
It is, however, very heavy.
The Awesomest of the awesomest.
Granted, it's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops, my Mac boots up noticeably quicker.
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again, to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine!
Some days it's just blurry, some days it appears that it's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains.
Enough said.
Thinking about returning it
I brought this laptop last friday, and originally it worked fantastic.
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC.
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.
It really is very light compared to other computers.
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.
The lesson learned here is: It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand, since all of them are there to simply  to make as much money as possible, as fast as they can, and in this day and age, the customer no longer is right all the times.
Then only FOUR months later, my great MacBook pro FAILED.
So I got another netbook which I love!
It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected).
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed.
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed.
tons of bloatware and junk programs.
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money.
High price tag, however.
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing.
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned.
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small, portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
Thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what I mean.
  I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here.
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac.
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.
Good price.
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.
My next laptop will also be a Mac!
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I'm happy I switched.
Wonderful zooming.
(I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $50) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
I called back to ensure that received it, they had.
Laptop was in new condition and operational, but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair.
Best Buy Rocks!
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
  My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it!
I pondered very long over this decision.
My main reason to convert was the imovie program.
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
I had static in the output, and I had to reduce the sound output quality to "FM" as opposed to the default "CD.
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I won't have to worry about a crash.
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.
I shipped out on Saturday, July 17.
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you can't understand what they are saying.
Didn't expect to repair it at once!
Finally decided to try a MAC because there were too many choices of which PC's to buy and EVERYONE who had a MAC said "buy a MAC".
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.
I like the lighted screen at night.
  The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this!
Keyboard could use some trimming.
Three weeks after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working.
Currently if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs.
Being a PC user my whole life....
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.
Would buy 100 more of these if I could.
Maybe it's Acer, maybe it's MSFT.
The computer blinks it shuts off at will.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
I'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes.
You'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST".
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on.
I had 3 months when the ports started going out.
I love everything about it.
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person!
This laptop serves all my needs.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back.
  And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
(No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way.
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac.
Also, you won't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus.
  I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal.
My daughter uses it for games, email, facebook, pictures and music.
It's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem.
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one.
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more.
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
I might have read it incorrectly, but better safe than sorry right?
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation.
Once you go Mac, you can't go back!
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.
We did not even have it a year.
The "Time remaining" goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes.
seriously why haven't they just replaced it by now.
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months.
Long story, but after many calls to various  offices, I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers  don't take phone calls or e/mails.
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
I'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up.
it is the worst computer dell ever made.
This is my second MacBook.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
Buy the Mac Mini it's a terribly great machine.
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba.
Clear picture on it and everything.
I take it everywhere with me because it's so easy to carry.
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
If you have much higher expectations than that... I would look elsewhere.
That's the downside for me.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you.
i'm returning mine
Probbly the worst decision we ever made!
They don't crash.
YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET FOR.
Just a bunch of idiots who's English as a 5th language is forced at best.
Sent unit back and it's been two months.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
When i finally held it in my hands i kissed it, yes i did.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
I'm stuck w/ a broken computer.
Great laptop that offers many great features!
You won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.
Most of them were either too big, too noisy and too slow after 2 years.
I hope this review helps.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
Turns out this is a common problem.
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
  also the battery is completely shot.
This laptop is a great buy.
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac, which saves me a lot of time and money.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.
Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes.
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years.
It may take a little getting used to but you don't have to worry about viruses or other headaches.
-When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them, I tried to call.
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
Newegg's RMA service was great as always, I contacted them late Friday night, and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday.
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.
!so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD !
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.
All I can say is I am impressed.
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
Anyone who is considering buying an Acer computer of any sort, I seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand.
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed.
It's the most wonderful thing in the entire world.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
It's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else.
The machine itself is alright.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
I will also say it is much better than I expected!
It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive.
The Notebook PC,Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark.
That's how frustrating it was.
First things first, Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop
  It is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
I'm done with WinDoze computers.
I love my macbook pro!
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop.
 Went silently.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
  I took the laptop home and not even a month later, I began to have problems with it.
Do not  buy it!
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13" in April, and I loved it.
He has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.
If you can afford a new laptop, and are in the market for one, of course, then definitely go for this.
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it.
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better.
If you ask me, for this price it should be included.
Was not happy with one of the programs on it.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
Thanks, MacConnection, for making this a seamless purchase!
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere.
What a great little laptop.
But to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time.
This computer gets very hot, before shutting down.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing, all craziness may break loose.
Why not 5 stars?
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back.
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one, if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.
Well designed and fast.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
This little netboook is helping me get work done!
The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing.
I should have been more observant.
I'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC.
  Will probably never buy a HP again.
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.
I love the keyboard.
I'm going to buy a logitevh c270.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC.
Best commuter I have ever owned.
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues!
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.
I HATE this one.
I can throw anything at it (and I do), Pictures, video editing, schoolwork.
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed.
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Do yourself a favor, this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware...
I never tried any external mics with that iMac.
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus.
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase.
This was a great deal for a decked out MacBook Pro.
I wasn't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed.
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb.
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom,,,about 4 inches across is hardly visible.
packing and everything was perfect
I have no problems yet on my mac so far, and hope it stays like that.
Many thanks, Overstock.com.
It's the mid 2012 version.
It has everything you need to get the job done.
Just a month and a half or two months ago, my VAIO crashed again.
This can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far.
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack.
The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price, but totally worth it for a good piece of mind.
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
Yes, I have it on the highest available setting.
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop.
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper, quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue.
All in all great item highly recommend it.
I love this little one.
Files as well would become lost, deleted or corrupted.
Also is portable and reliable.
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!
Still trying to learn how to use it.
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC.
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
This unit is not.
It is truly a Desktop Replacement.
This Mac Mini makes the Macbook Pro seem slow.
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail)
I just love my Mac!
They definitely have a superior product!
Very small and portable I've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It's better than expected.
It is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student.
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was.
We don't Mind and You don't Matter.
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance.
No tutorials on the display.
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk....this is in an un-air conditioned room.....in air condition it gets slightly warm......
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I don't really think that is what this computer is designed for.
I am very happy with this laptop.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch.
My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should.
But you must get the 15 inch.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
So far, so good!
Even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old.
No complaints for an Apple product.
The #1 reason that is always repeated.
-Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer.
i love the keyboard and the screen.
Then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
-I propose that they can just swap the hard drives.
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems!
Do you think I purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that I can demand a new set? Do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? Or rather NO solution.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different.
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $344.99?
I  asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches, dents  or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of  damage could happen.
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue.
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.
The only downfall is the volume control.
the laptop preformed pretty well.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
It's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it's an investment and that it's gonna last you a long time.
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it.
  This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing.
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
Basic computer.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
I don't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio.
Oh, it is such a great piece of equipment.
This was the second computer and brand bought that day.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
What's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it doesn't keep what I put here are my aratings
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
Much of which HP ended up paying for.
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop.
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more...
  They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new.
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer.
I will never go back to Windows!
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
I got the new adapter and there was no change.
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times- sometimes too sensitive, and sometimes a bit unresponsive, but it's usable.
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini.
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will.
Not too much "junk" software to remove.
Originally bought it for my wife.
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
Nice packing.
Boots up fast and runs great!
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it!
Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best!
Theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.
I also own an HP notebook and it doesn't even come close.
Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily.
I'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you's.
Finally, I purchased a Toshiba.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it.
My MacBook Pro is no exception.
ive never had a problem with it!
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use.
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses.
I cannot even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
Just for a stupid CD.
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary.
PLEASE MAKE THESE!
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop.
Would do business again.
Moral of the story:-Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.
It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I'm doing now!
This has happened three times so far.
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
compresses itself and you can't use it.
They freeze all the time.
I have never had it crash, randomly turn off,
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone.
Now 17 months later they want (would not say exact amount) $165.00 to $400 to fix the machine.
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat.
Also stunning colors and speedy
It took so much time.
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
***The review below is no longer relevant, Apple has fixed the issue.
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
I was said it's videocard.
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
They really screwed the pooch on this one.
Good laptop for the money.
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it didn't work.
mac is extremely different than any other laptop.
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express.
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great.
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months.
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
Very powerful especially for the money.
It is as good as new.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
This is not Best Buy's fault.
  The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
It was very easy to just pick up and use-- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM.
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
I was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it.
The laptop is gorgeous.
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro!
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
Although I was promised about 10 hours, I found myself to a limited 7 hours (which is still amazing).
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine.
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air? to Louisville Ky.
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room;
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
Stay away from HP.
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...
Sorry Toshiba, but 1st impressions do count for something.
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!
It's small but powerful, light but strong, elegant and beautiful... In resume: it's a Mac!
Couldn't keep a page up you were working on!
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
Cost is more as compared to other brands.
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs, when they are available since I asked.
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine.
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
Its worth every Penny.
But if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.
  Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me.
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
I am definitely sold, and not going back to PCs for home use!
And it didn't show up on the reciept, I don't know how we ordered it online!
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and couldn't be happier with it 3 years later.
It is the perfect size and speed for me.
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me.
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most.
It's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi.
(I'm an excellent touch typist, and my hands are very sensitive, too.
This was absolutely annoying!
  However the frozen screens kept happening.
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
Highly recommended!
System is running great.
It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well.
All the customers that come in hate Dell.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing?  So, I said I wanted a new set.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at, I think there's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs.
All of them were Windows machines.
You can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps, it needs signature to pove that you received it.
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak, there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL.
The Toshiba Mini Notebook, Model NB 305-N410BL, is a great little computer.
So a couple of years later, I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet.
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for).
My real problem with it? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop.
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 (with harman/kardon speakers!) in December of 2005.
I will never go back to a PC again!
For me, five stars is not enough.
Dell's customer disservice is an insult to it's customers who pay good money for shoddy products.
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could.
I had never owned a Mac before;
We haven't had any problems with it at all.
  This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs.
Better stick with another brand.
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC's.
But for now, this laptop is still a workhorse.
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be.
Kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.
*2 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Called headquarters, they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is "on the top of the stack".
Those things are very important - vital even!
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
Everything was so easy.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it.
I've owned this labtop for less then two months, already the mouse button has broke.
Its still going.
  i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months.
So, you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac.
I will never purchase a HP again ever.
It started out getting hot after only a few months.
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products.
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice.
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them "de-bugged".
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
DEFINITELY recommended!!!
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important.
It did everything we expected!
I love the glass touchpad.
Plus stylish.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
Perfect trifecta!
taking notes, research, an online class and such and didn't want to spend too much on my first machine.
We carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the LCD just "slide" downwards.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks  indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the  repair done 5 times.
It's great to have a solid Mac in the living room.
All you get is a box and a computer.
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it wasn't LIKE THAT.
"  I've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me.
And I can attach my projector to it.
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook!
I think this computer is super lame.
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems.
I think it was seventy nine plus tax.
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.
-they lost my laptop for a month
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
i can use it for all of my needs.
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK!
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
I love it so much.
I love everything about this computer.
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini!!!
She said its very user friendly.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for.
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.
The battery is not as shown in the product photos.
I chose the iBookG4, a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone.
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend.
I LOVE IT!
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.
The screen isn't huge, but that doesn't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV.
This worked just fine.
I also bought one for my wife, and 3 for my office.
It can't get any better.
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around.
That being said, it still runs video in full screen decently.
My HP is very heavy.
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
They discovered the manufacturer's defect and sent it in for repair.
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
Since I never really got to use this, I can't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them.
No viruses.
I am loyal to Apple.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics.
I am just ONE of the million customers.
Otherwise, I love it!
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years.
The computer would not ever cut back on.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required.
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
They also use two totally different operating systems.
I'll stick to Tashiba.
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue.
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
(I definatly can't).
*4 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam, decided to send complaint email to Apple.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it.
The notebook would not turn back on again.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
I'm glad it waited, this one is great.
Even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop.
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
Not even safe mode boots.
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop!
It doesnt work worth a damn.
I am so happy to have purchased this computer.
Shipped very quickly and safely.
  Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst.
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one.
Not super fancy, but not super expensive either.
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
I like this machine because its very lightweight...
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
So much faster and sleeker looking.
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro.
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase.
However, this will be my last as well.
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up.
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax.
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone, then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip.
A scratch on a $1,500 MacBook is unforgivable.
I was very worried about making the two compatible- but literally, it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong.
The computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening Word or My Computer.
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
All for such a great price.
but it  has a major design flaw.
I can't honestly say I was heartbroken.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind, and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school.
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied.
So far, a great product.
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC.
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend.
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
I didn't like one thing about it.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
Do you think the shop will give me a new set?? It will NOT!
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access;
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait.
It's so useable and responsive.
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do.
It is really thick around the battery.
The speakers could have been better but it wasn't a deal breaker... this is a great little laptop... love it!
It has no camera but, I can always buy and install one easy.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
But until now, no complains at all.
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with, not gaming.
Took that one home, same thing.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
Love it.
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning.
Couldnt not use it.
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience.
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems.
My last computer, a Toshiba, cost only $400, and worked like a charm for many years.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class.
He didn't work for sony, he was just approved to fix their crappy products.
Memory is upgradable.
User friendly, fast and high tech  It is amazing!
  I'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba.
Let me start with the good:So awesome.
My bag just got a little lighter.
If you have to ask you don't own a Mac and your just not in the know.
I had to call Apple 19 times (each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
For the [$] price (special offer) this is a great laptop.
Have returned that laptop unused.
the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
It's all a bit magical.
I am an Info Sys major in college, so I started researching this issue on my own.
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!
Set up was easy.
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.
  It lasted for many years of travel, kids and abuse and if I fired it up today, it would work.
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products.
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best.
It completely supports my home business and personal life.
I was so happy with my new Mac.
Purchased as a gift for a friend.
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
So, owing to these problems, I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro, which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment.
Prior to this computer, I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years (quite a long time for a laptop).
Of course, I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.
Very annoying.
Its perfect, not much heavy.
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates.
I am very satisfied with the mini.
-Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam.
It's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time.
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it's better than ever.
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened, they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the "repair".
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
Nothing about it that i don't love, apple always makes a great product.
Good luck.
Theres always something wrong with it, wether it be some virus you can't track down, or it overheats, sometimes even catches on fire, you just can't use it.
Needless to say, not to happy with the product.
The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful.
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
The touch pad is among the best.
I purchased two laptops (for my husband and 16 year old daughter).
Well, I have to say since I bought my Mac, I won't ever go back to any Windows.
This device has met my expectations and I'm sure it will meet yours.
I hate to say this, but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back, then I would.
Bought with a credit card.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
  It is just slow slow slow.
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states.
Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem.
I did a review on it, its awesome.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do.
Heck, I like all Mac computers, but they're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through.
?I am only interested in the 15.4  McBook Pro  Model # MD103LL/A
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.
The display is awesome.
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user, meaning I average about three "tabs".
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.
Yet, HP won't do anything about the problem.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
But reasons we chose this Apple computer.
I just hope this expensive laptop doesn't go dead like my friends...it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust.
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
Beta had better quality, but VHS became the industry standard.
It has everything I would need for a home computer.
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook, I have been very pleased with it, I have a laptob and a desktop.
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac.
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using.
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time.
I can't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print.
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that's standard size.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
I have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer.
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part.
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it.
It out performs any other laptop on the market today.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket!
And this isn't just my one experine.
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".
Just don't waste your time and money on this.
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great!
  The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.
I'm going back to PC.
Actually, I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC.
Ive had to call tech support many times.
he can't stand it.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
The screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.
By the way teachers, they offer a discount which helps!
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well.
   I'm a professional consultant, and a client needed work on her machine.
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!
Great, quick laptop for the money.
Great product.
Being a tech savvy, APPLE - product loving person, I'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro!
I hate it!
  Unless you don't care how long it takes to get going, find something else.
  The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
  When the computer has been on for several minutes, it will occasionaly just go off by itself.
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe wouldn't work.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
I've only had mine a day but I'm already used to it...
Though you get a polite person, you often don t get a solution.
Honestly, this is absolutely wonderful.
  His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test, and it was failing.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART, I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM.
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
  Also, I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot, and not even sitting on anything to make it hot.
but in resume this computer rocks!
This is the first laptop I've owned, althougth I used several at my previous job.
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express.
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident (long story).
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
It did not have all the features I expected it to have.
This is a review of windows vista system.
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect, unlike the PCs in our lives.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system.
Besides being elegant, the MacBooks are durable.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
All in all, a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
This computer is the ideal college companion.
Before I got my macbook, I owned a Dell laptop.
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.
Apple did a great job.
I love a "pc" but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.
I've owned every "Pro" model Apple laptop for the last 8 years, this is BY FAR the WORST one I've ever had.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini.
I loved it then, but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark.
All the yada-yada.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
It was just one problem after another for me, and that's reason we had forked out so much money was so we wouldn't have anything to worry about.
But, I would recommend this product.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
There are so many things wrong with this product, it just makes me want to set my self on fire!
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases.
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.
was a great deal i will give that.
Hope this helps!
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
For the same price, you get a lot more in the Asus....1920x1080 res.
I wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac.
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.
But let me tell you, the mac book pro is so professional.
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture.
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
Yes, the MBP is more expensive than competing PC laptops.
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
Money and time well spent!
Eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless I had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.
also it is light weight compared to others.
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze, and organizing them by place, time taken, or sending them to an online print shop, or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc, is not hard at all.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
These new problems were the final straws;
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
-Bluetooth (2.1), Fingerprint Reader, Full 1920x1080 screen -Integrated Mic/Webcam* -Dual touchpad mode is interesting, and easy to use -5 USB ports -Runs about 38-41C on idle, Up to 65 (for me) on load -Very quiet -I could go on and on.
  Stupidly, mind-numbingly slow--then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB *maximum*.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
Buyers beware.
So far, it's an average laptop - no better, no worse than the HP I replaced.
This computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes.
It couldn't have been a better decision.
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual, but substantive.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
HP said it was out of warranty.
I like it!
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
another problem.
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.
The first one I had was a 2006 model, not the Pro.
And that probably explains why I've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it.
My friends are in awe every time they come over!
2 months later, the battery went.
Fully charged, the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged.
It's shiny and it's pretty.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
Hope this helped!
  Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought.
I did contact HP and share how unhappy I am.
Again, I sent it off to Acer, by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything, but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
The graphics are great.
i try to use it today and I can't logon.
Set up was a breeze.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.
Heck, if I had enough ' money, I would but it as a gift for someone.
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
They click.
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
I had a toshiba for 10 years.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
Now they are believers in the product.
The graphics are stunning.
If you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, I bought the white one from Best Buy.
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone.
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.
It is amazing.
Winters is on it's way and I imagine it will be cozy.
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags.
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action.
Considering another computer should be out of the question
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
It still serves me well both in business and home needs.
  i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.
return it.
I'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro!
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008.
Hopefully my replacement is brand new.
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
Best money I ever spent.
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
It was returned on the third day I owned it.
I have owned many computers and laptops.
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
i asked many people, search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy.
  Acer won't replace the laptop.
I would Highly recommend this MacBook.
The machine is speedy and efficient.
Delivery was early too.
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.
If you already own a 2009, 2010, or early 2011 model, you should wait until the next update.
So you out of of notebook and money.
It shouldn't happen like that, I don't have any design app open or anything.
Obviously we both got new Macs.
i love ths notebook.
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while.
  There's literally no way to make it sing with Vista.
Other Thoughts: Do not purchase this product.
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was.
Garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
I am able to organize my pics, music and files easily.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.
my information was all lost (my fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac, the paragon of all computers!
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
We now own two of these, identical.
Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
I waited another month for approval and for them to "BUILD" me a new laptop.
wonderful features.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully.
All the problems I have had with PC's are solved with a Mac: the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off, and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it, with no inexpensive way of fixing it.
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $50 for it.
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races.
I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts.
I will never buy anything from HP again!
Received the product promptly and without any issues.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a USB wireless card.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though.
The thunderbolt port is awesome!
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $1000
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
Its a dog plain and simple.
Do your research on this issue.
  I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.
I would recommend not buying this product.
I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer.
From the start, when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine.
Registration/1st use is easy.
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba.
Definitely worth spending the money on it.
Mac computers automatically "defrag" each time you start your computer.
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
she can't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system.
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest.
Every single one we've gotten we've had problems with.
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard, which I miss on my Apple laptops.
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
Finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell (not to say Dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC.
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac.
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
Customization on mac is impossible.
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions.
I had read online that some users were having sound problems.
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon!
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students.
Nothing wrong with this computer at all!
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "Senior Tech".
Don't waste your money or time.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
That's a huge difference.
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it...
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive.
I am a full Mac convert now.
  I considered I may have too much on the computer, but after looking, there was plenty of space and that is not the issue.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
got another 1, and same issue.
-When battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair (26th of August).
Steve Jobs, probably needs help and donations, and cannot afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby.
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked.
Thank goodness for OpenOffice!
-They reported that the computer is in their headquarters.
This one still has the CD slot.
Enough said.
But, at the same time they (the company) would not and could not do anything about my problem.
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing.
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
I'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
I do not know for sure.
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
EITHER WAY, THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY.
You just get a trial version either way.
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.
again this is just my personal honest opinion.
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children.
I am a freelance graphic artist.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also!
The OS is great.
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
Guess I'll stay away from HP.
The keyboard is too slick.
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
Keyboard is reasonable size.
I tell everyone that I know, friends, family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used.
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it, taped it shut  resold it as new.
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.
So I'd pop them off to see what the problem was, well guess what? The darn thing wouldn't go back on.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it.
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling.
Don't get me wrong, I am no Microsoft hater, I've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months.
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel.
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time.
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
Let me tell you, this machine is great.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.
No luck, although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).
CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little, while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it.
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
Yes, he is a self professed "Mac snob.
  Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty.
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
In my house, HP is a nasty word.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
Fine if you have a touch screen.
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).
and if u did.
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
This system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix.
I've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
Don't waste your money!
  The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating, even if on for less than an hour!
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys.
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro.
Speakers don't get that loud, but good enough.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
I claim that this has no value to me, the laptop was new anyway.
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive.
It works really well.
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer!
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it.
For me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
Buyer Beware.
Summary: Dont buy HP.
I burned my leg, after lifting it from my desk, and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table, so I can place it there.
Thank you for your great product!
Very happy with my purchase.
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
falls into the case.
I'd recommend this laptop to anyone!
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
Yeah, it's super expensive.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
-I propose that I can just swap the hard drives.
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising.
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening.
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro.
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions, this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer.
Should be there by the end of the week (again...).
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP, but I use the touchpad 90% of the time.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
Really great...Well let me start at the beginning.
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
This computer was awful, I would never recomend it to another person.
My wife also has problems with her Asus - different model.
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.
I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago.
I expected so as it's an Apple product, but I was glad to see my expectations exceeded, this is THE laptop to buy right now.
its more like a snail crawl.
I can't begin to say how disappointed I am.
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.
The product is prefect for everyone.
but after i got used to it i love it.
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes.