The service is ok but could be better .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
This place is incredibly tiny .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
For a Fabulous Wedding !
Gross food – Wow -
I am going to the mid town location next .
Ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
The food 's as good as ever .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
would NOT go back .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
It 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
You will not be disapointed at all .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently .
You must try the garlic soup !
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino , I keep coming back .
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
On the recommendation of a friend , I checked out Arezzo with my wife .
It just was n't Thai .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
When the main course finally arrived ( another 45mins ) half of our order was missing .
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth 's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
and never strayed .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
It hits the spot every time
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
$ 500 included :
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
The bagels are fabulous .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
I 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
The service was attentive .
Decor is charming .
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
If you want to save some money , do n't go here .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
during happy hour !
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
An excellent choice in midtown .
When we arrived at 6:00 PM , the restaurant was practically empty .
MMmmm ... it was delicious .
Ciao Bella
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA , but few out here .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
The family seafood entree was very good .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
On a recent Saturday night , I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
And as SOON as one person is done , she asked to pick up the plate immediately .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
So , again , give it a try .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
I highly recommend this restaurant !!
Will never be back .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
Food is excellent .
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring ) .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
BUT not in a good way .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
The food was absolutely horrible !
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
I had roast chicken and a salad .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?
The food was so-so .
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
I was pleasantly suprised .
it is not consistent .
Fish is so very fresh .
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight .
Very pleased
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
The bagel was huge .
Went there for an office lunch .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
The caeser salad was great .
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
The food was very well prepared .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Delivery is fast too .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
The sushi is amazing !!!
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning .
Yes , I ate the food , but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating , and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
We had a very nice time .
Ca n’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
Well worth the trip , close to City Hall and downtown subway stops .
We were pleasantly greeted .
Thank you everyone at Water 's Edge .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
I read about this place in Time Out magazine .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
Gigino 's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable .
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
Excellent food for great prices
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
We were pleasantly surprised .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside , she recommended that we go to this restaurant .
I loved it and would go again .
I 've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I 've never been disappointed .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
What a great place .
Maitre-D - " Eat and get out "
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
PERFECT FOR DATES !
The fish was really , really fresh .
If that 's a problem , go to McDonald 's and destroy your insides .
What generous portions !
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
A real dissapointment .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Besides , we were on vacation !
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
Try green curry with vegetables .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
It 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
We were n't !
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
No apologies during restaurant week .
Even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
Believe me , they live up to the name .
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
And it was quick which is very important .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I 'm in NYC .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
The food now is inconsistent .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
The sake ’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
The dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
We were n't !
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
love the food .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
Great pizza for lunch place .
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
I have been going back again and again .
After reading the posts , I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow , despite living in Park Slope .
After the review I treked into Brooklyn .
Make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
She then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
I have never had anything like it !
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
menu - uneventful , small .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
I hate this .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
The service is fantastic .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
But too far east !
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
... and that 's saying a lot .
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
The sushi was awful !
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
Not worth it .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
please do n't fool us .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Needless to say , I 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
The food was bland oily .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The service is awful .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
Will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in LA . .
Great vibe , lots of people .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
Much more reasonably priced too !
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
Why ?
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
Yes , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper .
At this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress WALKED away .
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
moral stay away .
We were then shooed inside .
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
I really did n't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central .
great food
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
Delicious crab cakes too .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
How do you rate home ?
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
Everyone must come here at least once .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
Yum , the chicken is great here .
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink .... . this place is not worth it ...
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
Stay away from this place .
Delivery service is great too .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
But , they were too big for the bun .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
My friends and I go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
We had a good time .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
Nevertheless , I finished my plate , and that 's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !
No thanks !!!
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
Terrible Waste of money . . scammers
It 's a small cute restaurant .
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
The whole experience was satisfying .
( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
I loved this place !!
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
I am French and I really felt like home !!!
Great deal !
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
And it was quick which is very important .
Highly recommended !
This is probably one of my new favorite places .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
The space is traditional in feel .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
Highly recommended .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
OK , I 've been to Dumont a few times now .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
Thank You Emilio .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
Salads were fantastic .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
but the food was delicious .
but the service was a bit slow .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
Reasonable prices .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
If it is n't for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
Always busy but fast moving .
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
Overall , this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
Definitely something to come down and check out .
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there .
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 " with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
Now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
What more could you want ?
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
There was a heat problem to boot , so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats !
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well .
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
Buon appetito !
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
And all of that wo n't break your bank !
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
Do n't go .
What a ripoff !
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
10
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
Come on .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
They are by far the BEST past in New York .
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Food-awesome .
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
Love YUKA .
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
Recommended .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
THe perfect spot .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
Save room for the desserts ! ; - )
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
Also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
Try the tandoori salmon !
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
I was speechless by the horrible food .
We got most of it back at home with us .
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
they live up to the thai way of living .
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
Would not return for the amount we paid .
I look forward to eating here again
We live nearby BFC .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
over .
For Park avenue I expected so much more .
Very good wine choices .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
I love this place more and more everytime i go .
We ordered our appetizers , I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
Just an odd group .
The staff is unbelievably friendly , and I dream about their Saag gosht ... so good .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
Fantastic place .
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
Would not recommend anyone to go .
My wife and I went to Water 's Edge for a romantic dinner .
The burger was great , also .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
I 've been several times and am totally smitten .
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
the turkey burgers are scary !
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
You wo n't be dissapointed .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
The staff is very good .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
This bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
food was luke warm .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
But trust me it is so worth it .
Alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
Good Food
And the food , well the food will keep you coming back .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
The food at this place is ' gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
The soup is pretty good too .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
It was delish and I did n't feel bad eating it .
we love th pink pony .
We will definitely go back .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
Our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
I love going there !
So rude .
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
We visit at least once a month .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
Inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
I 've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
This place is always packed .
The price very reasonable .
While I 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
Highly recommended to all !
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at ' Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here , Peasant has been our favorite !
The place is beautiful !
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
Patsy 's Pizza = true love
Appetizers took nearly an hour .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
The lox is always fresh too .
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown .
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
We all felt it was worth it .
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well .
And $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
We will be back .
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service I need ...
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
I definitely would n't go back .
Food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
I think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic .
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
A hearty two thumbs up !
This was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
Good , fast service .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
Service was quick .
Chance is a joke .
Thank You Emilio .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
I will definetly be going back .
Bravissimo !!
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
Although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$ $ this is the place to be !!
SUM IT : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
What an amazing meal and experience !
Again , the waitress was awesome .
This is the first time Citysearch did ' t call it right .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent.I
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
Finally !
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
A wonderful place !
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
Do n't waste your time , or money !!
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
since the first time I came here I 've been hooked .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
Prices are in line .
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
It 's the kind of place I like to support !
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
It 's a small cute restaurant .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
I can not recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
Delicious , creative and fun .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
We were less than impressed .
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
Also , the chick peas with shrimp ( appetizer ) is divine .
Food is great and inexpensive .
I really liked this place .
The fries are yummy .
Much more reasonably priced too !
The food is delicious .
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Amazing !
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
It 's all about the food !!
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
But they do .
Creative , consistent , fresh .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
You will not be missing anything .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
We had a good time .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
service was efficient courteous .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
for Meetball Night .
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
A one women show !
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES ) .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
in conclusion , THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
Huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
Service is top notch .
Great wine , great food .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
By the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
I am Indian , and I have tried many Indian places in NY .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Bring your date and a bottle of wine !
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
I was pleasantly suprised .
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
Love Pizza 33 . .
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
If you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
wont come back again for sure !
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
It 's popular w/the late crowd .
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Everything we had was good or ok .... but definitely nothing great .
The food is great , I love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
The food here was mediocre at best .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
The pastas were pretty good .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
Try the green curry !!!
The food is great and reasonably priced .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
The food was exceptional .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
We paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
They are located in the middle of Chinatown !
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
Even with John 's and Joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
I 'll be back for sure .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
I do n't get it either .
Pizza was a little soggy .
The food is great and authentic .
The pickles were great addition .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Went there for a special celebration .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
This place does n't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does , but it should .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
Food was decent , but not great .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
It 's like you are transported to the Italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
In fact , this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
great experience overall .
This restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
The atmosphere was great .
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .
You 'll see a lot of people eating there after church .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
I 've been here twice now .
Highly recommended !
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
This is one of our all-time favorite .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
I am going to the mid town location next .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
It is thick and slightly soggy .
Try the sea bass .
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , Flatbush Farm is n't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
I wish I COULD be refunded !
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm .... . everything is just delicious .
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
My friend is 100 % right in the experience we had .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
Alias is warm and cozy and you do n't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton .
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
I 'll keep this short .
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
The main draw of this place is the price .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
it helps if you know what to order .
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
I went to Ruby Foo 's after work with a group of 6 .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
Also very inexpensive .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
Great staff .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
Overall , excellent restaurant !
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
The specials are usually quite good too .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
Good luck getting a table .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
The place does get crowded , so I recommend going between 4-5 PM .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
But $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include Wine ?
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
Go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
Big thumbs up !
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
I do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
I loved this place !!
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
Service is top notch .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
I would not recommend this place to anyone .
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet .
Terrible experience .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
Go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
We all ordered different entrees so we could share .
And everytime I go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Fine , I wont hang you for that .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
A must try !
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Is just the way it was in days gone by .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you NAME it .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
Food was okay , nothing great .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
Good luck getting a table .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
Have the iced tea .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
Run do n't walk .
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant .
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
It was wonderful .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
The service was attentive .
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
Pricey , but worth a try , at least once .
I will go back to Suan soon !
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
You have to increase the service a lot .
You 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
I never had anything I did n't like here .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
We 'll definitly be back again !
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE .
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
Not impressed with the food .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
I heartily recommend .
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly , but I can say this is one of the best I 've had .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
Prices are in line .
We left , never to return .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
I 'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
This place is incredibly tiny .
Anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
One less manhattanite the better .
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
Being a vegan myself , I 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan -- and Zen Palate is easily my favorite .
Best Indian Chinese in the city , by far !
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
I definitely will go back .
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
I 've been here twice now .
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
Place is open till late , no dress code .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
This was a great surprise .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
Based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
I went for restaurant week .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
Great food , great prices , great service .
Dishes denoted as " Roy 's Classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
A big disappointment , all around .
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it !
I was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
This was on a Tuesday night .
So rude !!!
Went for Mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
We did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
A million better places to go in the city .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
The food options rule .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .
I pray it stays open forever .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... Hanx
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC !
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
They have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
Did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
The service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
Yeah , it 's that good .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
Actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list ( I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins )
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
Highly Highly Highly recommended !
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
The menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
Wonderful at holiday time .
I ca n't wait to go back .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
If you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
The prices are not terrible .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
We always enjoy the pizza .
keep up the good work .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
Taxan delicious !
Check it out .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
Went there for an office lunch .
This is the Cheers of New York , whether you 've ever been there or not .
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
Too cold to enjoy .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
All the staff is absolutely professional !!
This place is to be avoided .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
I 'll be back soon .
I 'll keep this short .
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
I think this a a wonderful place .
Would NEVER go back
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
It was good , but none of the flavors WOW .
Ca n't wait to go back .
The service was ok .
Get the tuna of gari .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
Ciao Bella
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
Wretched and retching
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
I 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .
The food is great and the prices are reasonable .
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
This restaurant is such a great place .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
Bay Terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
Taxan delicious !
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
Just do n't do it .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
Beautiful experience .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
Great food , great prices , great service .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
Unique apppetizers .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
It does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
All in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
Have the iced tea .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane .
Keep up the good work guys !
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
And cheap !
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
All pretty good .
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
When we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
Not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
For $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
The Thai food is good .
Though it 's been crowded most times I 've gone here , Bark always delivers on their food .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
The place was quiet and delightful .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
A weakness is the chicken in the salads .
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
This food is asian-air fusion .
I 'm a friendly person , so I would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
Entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
bad staff
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
hmmm .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
Without the wait or attitude , I would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
But that is highly forgivable .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
This place is not worth the prices .
It was raining , and we figured why not ?
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
Bison was quite excellent however .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
If you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
Nice view of river and NYC .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
The bagel was huge .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
Service was prompt and courteous .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Unbelievable .
This place is Italian , not French .
I would go back .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
One of my Fav spots in the city .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Tends to turn people away .
I have n't been to the other locations .
It 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it !!!
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
Plenty of choices to make your own creation .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
esp . during happy hour !
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
Molto bene !
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
Nice place though .
Great people watching as others do the same to you .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite .
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
I 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
However , I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
Most importantly , food is excellent .
The buffet had a nice selection .
However , it was worth the visit .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
I will be going back very soon .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The food was authentic .
The place is a lot of fun .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
From the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
I 'm from England , and Haru 's was the best I had in NYC .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place .
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Great food , great decor , great service .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street , of course .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , I do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
This place survives on reputation alone .
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
A great addition to Smith Street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots .
Service - friendly and attentive .
my favorite place lol
Their sake martini is wonderful .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
A guaranteeed delight !
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
No free drink .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
Give it a try and enjoy .
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
On the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
More Williamsburg Garbage
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
I liked the beer selection !
The pizza is good though .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
it helps if you know what to order .
Good for dates or with friends .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
the bestt !
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
Look , the appetizers were really good .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
Wonderful at holiday time .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
The ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
Boy was I wrong !
Need I say more ?
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
Never got an explanation as to what was going on .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
They also do a great job for restaurant week .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
I was at Rao 's last Wed .
The staff is no nonsense .
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope ( and NY in general )
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
I 've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
It 's just O.K. pizza .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
I absolutely suggest this place .
Check out the secret back room .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
Unhygienic
The restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
Moving on .
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
Brava La Pizza Fresca !
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
I am a die hard peep lover .
It is thick and slightly soggy .
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
It was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-I 've had better for less elsewhere !
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
At 6:30 , we were the third party there .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
If this restaurant was in Manhattan , I would definitely go more often .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
This place is a must visit !
It was good , but was not what I thought it would be .
It is terrific , as is the value .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
We left , never to return .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
What 's the difference between the two ?
But , they were too big for the bun .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
Tasty Dog !
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
Big and gawky on the outside .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
The food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
They charge different prices all the time .
Do n't waste money on decor .
This was a great surprise .
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
And the food was fantastic .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
It was delicious and large !
Remind me of home .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
Went last Thursday .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
How can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
Not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
I would definitely come back to this restaurant .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
I will never visit this restaurant again .
I will have to say , this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
Food is great .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Such a disappointment ...
We were exploring Grand Central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
They all know you .
go here for the drinks !
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
The level of rudeness was preposterous .
Everyone is welcomed in as family .
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
That place was awesome , , , sally !
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
Stay away
Staff is very accomodating .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
Great Shabu Shabu
I 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
Everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
The wine list is also really nice .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
skip dessert .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
This place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC ( and I 'm indian , so I should know ) .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The food was boring and expensive .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
Lives up to the hype
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
Great find in the West Village !
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
Have to tell you : Not at all impressed .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
The food was spicy and delicious .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
Good creative rolls !
Love their drink menu .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
Definitely will be back !
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
And where does Patis go wrong ; no where .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room !!!
I 'm going back .
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
I ca n't wait to go back .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
went there last night with my coworker .
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
I do not recommend .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
The food was great and the service was even better .
We had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning !
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
Love it .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
Too many other good places to have to settle .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
Which lets face it .... at times it 's a good thing .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
A nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
There 's candlelight and music .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
We went there , no one greeted us .
Loved It
The best !
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
Fantastic place .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
Old school meets New world .
really depends on your luck !
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
Some baby pizzas get their wish .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
This place is average ... at best .
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
The service is awful .
BTW , the service is very good .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
That 's why you have to pay more for that .
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
The food was good too .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
Decor leaves something to be desired .
We 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
Service was good and so was the atmosphere .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
I was wrong .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
Great restaurant , and even greater food !
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
You can not go wrong with this place .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
Great , original taste .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
Service was also very good .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
Again , no apology , no is there anything else I can get you , no can I get you a drink to make up for it , nothing !!!!
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
Curioni 's Pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
You should pass on the calamari .
Service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
skip dessert .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
Impressed ...
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
So close , but not good enough .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
Fish was overdone .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
The pizza was great .
I definitely would n't go back .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
Romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Everything is very cheap .
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
Everything a NY pizza joint should be .
I 'd definitely go back again .
Want to impress ?
I would highly recommend it .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
really depends on your luck !
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
For being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
In fact there is only one I 've tried that even compares ( shabu Tatsu ) and even then I prefer Dokebi .
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
I will NEVER return .
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
What ?
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The Management was less than accomodating .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
Its worth the wait though .
but still my date was bad
I come here enjoy very much with husband .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines .
The service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
They are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip .
A big disappointment , all around .
You will be satisfied .
The service is awful -- the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
the homemade Guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
Check this place out !
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants .
it was really good pizza .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
I know because I live nearby .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
I live on the street this place is on .
I love this cozy around the way Rest .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
The room is a little plain , but it 's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go .
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark .
What a great place !
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
Excellent experience .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
Great food , great decor , great service .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
We were very disappointed .
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
What a pleasant surprise !
Most importantly , food is excellent .
It ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
It is also extremely well priced .
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
I know real Indian food and this was n't it .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
Nice value .
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
It 's a great find in Astoria .
The location is perfect .
Very good wine choices .
Off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
The sushi was awful !
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
The prices are wonderfully low .
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
Its located in greenewich village .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
Very , very nice
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
If you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
A pleasant surprise .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Everytime I go there I ca n't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Drinks way over priced .
In about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
always fresh and delicious .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
Decent wine selection too .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it !
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
It is also extremely well priced .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
We called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
personally i say save your money .
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
Hats off to the chef .
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
It is so romantic .
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe 's may not be your favorite .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
I highly recommend it .
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
Satisfying .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
My entire family was horrified .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
Always great service !
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
Do n't waste your time or your money .
I have never in my life sent back food before , but I simply had to , and the waiter argued with me over this .
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
I 'm amazed we have n't been kicked out of this place yet .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
But the coconut rice was good .
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials .
If you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
Try green curry with vegetables .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !
Feels like family when we go there .
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch !!!!!
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
It ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
This was one of the BEST restaurants I 've ever been to .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
Have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Do n’t go to this place !
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
So sorry I ca n't rate this better .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
The service was dreadfully slow ( the place was only half full ) and a smile would have been nice ...
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
We 'd go back again
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
The food was exceptional .
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED .
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( I tried them ALL ) .
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
It was a very nice surprise .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
The location is perfect .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise .
We did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem .
Before the place did n't call my attention .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
When you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
They used shredded cheese on top !
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
Just wish they 'd expand .
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but I did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Great food at reasonable prices .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Very cozy and warm inside .....
Would NEVER go back there .
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
Moderate prices .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Go here .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
We were not disappointed .
( La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico ) .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here .
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where I am not swept off my feet .
This is the first place I 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
I 've never been disappointed .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered , I requested a vegetarian dish .
I highly recommend it .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
We love it , and took buses and cabs to get there .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
Great food !
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Avoid this place !
The food is very good and the service is great .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Very good value
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
Fantastic !
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
The design of the space is good .
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like ' that ' couple .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
Stay with the roasted chickens and you 'll be fine .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
awesome
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
enough said !
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
Cute and decorative .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
I love this place
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
I do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
Wow .
Other apetizers and food
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
SO SO SO SO SO good !
To speak of the Park Side , words can not describe .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
Best In ALL of NYC
It 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
The hostess said " Wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which I replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
Both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
I 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
I would highly recommend .
Got a date ? Go here !
I 'm telling you ...
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Just stick with the small dishes !
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
Authentic bistro !
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
Great sushi experience .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
I 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and I always enjoy myself .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
The dim sum however was very good .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they do n't make you by bottles .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .
The food was actually aweful .
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
Prices are very good .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
Go hungry and enjoy .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
have always had a great time here .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .
I had the best ravioli ever .
This is a true gem of the village .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
Probably would not go back here .
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
Go hungry and enjoy .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
Save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
wow ! how have i missed this one , tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
Perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda .
Never fails to please .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side .
Definitely not worth the price !
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
And all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
I absolutely love this place !!!
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
Sexy .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
Maggot in the food !
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
The wine list is excellent .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
Kudos to Po !
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
it 's good but , like the movie is never as good as the book , this is same analogy .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
Less = More in their case .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
My vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
There is " Expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " Expensive-and-WTF " ?
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
All I can say is they are fantastic .
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
Do n't waste money on decor .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
It 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown Brooklyn ) .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
The food was absolutely amazing !!
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME !!!
I 've been to Joya twice and I will never go again .
But that is highly forgivable .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
After reading the great reviews , I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
but overall i give it a 10
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Pizza here is consistently good .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
People are always friendly .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
There is nothing more pleasant than that .
The food however , is what one might expect .
I love it .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
We order a bit of everything on the menu .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
A must try !
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Anyway , this is the last time I cross the williamsburg .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
Fast service .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy 's restaurants to friends , I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
It 's true , this place is not cheap .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner , but nothing amazing .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
They charge different prices all the time .
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
Its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
Also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
you should travel from the Bronx to try it ...
This place ... god where do i begin .
Great find !!!
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
AMAZING MY FAVORITE !!!
The selection of food is excellent ( I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
The flavors robust and subtle .
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
Quite simply it 's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
Love Pizza 33 . .
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York .
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
Highly recommended .
I went there with a few friends and will return .
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
But now that it 's under new ownership and has been renovated , it looks great .
Keep up the good work guys !
Service was good and food is wonderful .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
We go often .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
Horrible .
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
Our food was great too !
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
Do not go to this restaurant .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
not only is the food
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
Bon appettite !!
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
And the food is fantastic .
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
Do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
I do n't think I would go again .
Prices are very good .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
I ca n't stand this dungeon .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
I absolutely Loved this place .
There are many french bistros in the midtown area , and I wholheartedly recommend this one .
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
Okay service .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
They are FAST .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
I 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant I recommend going .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
I pray it stays open forever .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
Well ... they can run but they ca n't hide .
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
Overpriced and not tasty
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
What a great place !
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Really , I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
The bread is top notch as well .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
the food - not worth the price .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
Poor service and management
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
Too bad , has a lot of potential .
It 's to die for !
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
If you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
We asked for beverages and never received them .
It was well worth the wait .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
even the wine by the glass was good .
I recommend it !
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
I for one will never patronize them again .
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
If you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
Really cool stauff inside .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
The lox is always fresh too .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
This place has been around for a few years .
I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
This restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
A pleasant surprise .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
Drinks way over priced .
This place does n't make any sense
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
Loved it
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
It 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
The service was quick and friendly .
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
We got most of it back at home with us .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
The main entree was also very good .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
However , it 's not worth a special trip .
Nothing special about this place .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
Maybe it 's that most of Dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but I can not recommend Dumont .
Best . Sushi . Ever .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
Go girls !!!
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
And I could do without the cigar smoke .
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
Perhaps .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
Please save yourself the frustration .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
Try the cheesecake !
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
The service is pretty good .
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
I go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
but I would n't wan na live there .
Service is usually pretty good .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
Terrible would be a compliment !
less wait time for me !
Overall a worthwhile experience .
You will not be disapointed at all .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
This place is a great bargain .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
Stay away if you 're claustrophobic
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that 's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch .
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
For someone who used to hate Indian food , Baluchi 's has changed my mid .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks ...
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
However , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
It 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
You can not go wrong with this place .
Quick and friendly service .
I was glad I did .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
I only have friends .
Nick Stef 's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area , so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald 's Square check it out !
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
I 've been to Sotto Voce several time , and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
After we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of Brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy 's Bronx , or for that matter , Jimmy 's Uptown , again .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , " can I help you " and " how many are in your party . "
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
I did n't go there for food so I ca n't comment .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
The chicken dinner was real good .
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
I recommend it !
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
Overall , worht every penny .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
Pizza here is consistently good .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
I went there after hearing how great it was .
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
Definately check it out !!!
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Amma is nothing special .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
Celebrated my fathers birthday here .
I 've always been seated propmtly .
I ca n't wait for the nex time .
Great vibe , lots of people .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
Some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy 's .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
Service was also very good .
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .
Best Chinese on the Upper East , prompt delivery , good value .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
i dont how this place is still running .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
The food and service were fine , however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience !
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
What more could you want ?
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Be aware .
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
Two words : Free wine .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
This is my fourth try over a two year period , and I 'm done .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
It was wonderful .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
The place is a lot of fun .
The food was good .
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
Faan is sooo good .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
There are no negatives to speak of .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation ( if possible )
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
At first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
But the meals were terrible .
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
Hurley 's is terrific !
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
I 've never been treated so rudely .
The food options rule .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
But too far east !
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
Food-awesome .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
The steak melted in my mouth .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
Great pizza for lunch place .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
Every time I visit NYC , I come here .
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka !
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
I would not recommend MEET at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
the food is decent .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
And affordable .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
That 's good and bad .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs , so be aware .
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
This establishment is the real deal .
I know because I live nearby .
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
Great survice
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
delicious .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great .
JUST AWSOME .
The place was nice and calm .
Over priced , overrated .... stay away !
Do n't go with a larger group than 4 !
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so I try to ignore it ) .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
A nice find in the neighborhood .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
and there 's no way out .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Best meal in a long time !
I got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
Not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
The food is nothing like its menu description .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
Killer Sushi !
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
After so many great reviews here , my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
Guess what , I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , I wish you would have said something earlier " No apology , nothing .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
Will not be back .
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
I would go back tho .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day ' give it a try . '
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
You should pass on the calamari .
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
The setting is casual and romantic .
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ?
That said , I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I 've EVER had .
Molto bene !
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Nice value .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
For an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
Zero ambiance to boot .
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
I went there 2times .
I think locals rate this place so high .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
Not because you are " The Four Seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .
We go often for lunch and the place is packed .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
One of the BEST
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
I went here for a family birthday dinner .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early .
Awesome
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
I 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
Try it !
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
They never came back to refill our glasses again .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
Unique apppetizers .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Fantastic !
Would definitely go back again .
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
If you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME !!!!
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
He always says , I do n't have customers .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
I would highly recommend this place !
I ca n't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York .
I go twice a month !
We 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
It 's a steal !
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
The fried calamari was even better !
It 's really a takeaway place , I would n't sit if I could take it home .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
fine dining restaurant quality .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .
Based on a visit a month ago , I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
I will be going back very soon .
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
She just nodded and walked off .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
This is the best thing in Soho .
Great food .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
Like I said , Nick and Joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
I really liked this place .
Food and service was okay .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
The atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
Do n't go there !
Came looking for this place because I heard good things .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
I showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
You will be very happy with the experience .
Also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT .
If you do n't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House .
Since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
So eat fast and order a lot .
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
It 's always quiet because it 's awful .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
The service is excellent and always informative without an air .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
enough said !
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
People are always friendly .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
There was no ambiance .
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
The atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
The pizza here is delicious .
All in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
If you go here , do it on his off-night .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
you guys rock .
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
This place has the best sushi in the city .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
I loved it and will be back soon .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
The pizza was great .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
Another great place to take out-of-towners !
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
Also very inexpensive .
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
The only downside ... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time .
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
Food is great and inexpensive .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
I 'd call it an ' italian dinner ' .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL ( OR BAD SERVICE ) @ PIGALLE .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
Beautiful experience .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
Not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
The sangria 's - watered down .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
but the service was a bit slow .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
It was wonderful .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
Wonderful !
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .
it is not consistent .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Katz 's deli is a great NY experience .
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
We will be back .
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
I will be returning .
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year .
The price very reasonable .
It could have been handled better .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
I 've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
But I 'd go back
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
Definitely not a restaurant to skip !
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
Look elsewhere .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
The ceiling is amazing !
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
I often go there to eat with my family .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
For $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
But they do .
I heartily recommend .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
I do n't live in NY but my best friend does .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , I do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
You ca n't go wrong here .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A.
Trust me .
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Everyone I bring here always loves it .
Everything on the menu is great .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
And its absolutely DELICIOUS .
It is simply amazing .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
The fried rice is really good too .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
Still we keep going back : )
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) .
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
The appetizers are also delicious !
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
Great neighborhood joint .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .
I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( I happen to live in Inwood ) .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
Food is excellent .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
Delish and made to your liking !
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
-- Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
Service was very good and warm .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
go here for the drinks !
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
We thought the dessert would be better , Wrong !
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible !
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
The high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Only complaint is the pricing -- I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
The sushi is also great !
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
This place was the worst .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
They treat me like family , morning and night .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
The waiter was attentive .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
We left after one drink .
Their coffee is quite good too !
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
wont come back again for sure !
I will not be coming here at 3am again .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
Again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Going to Ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
Was surprisingly disappointed .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
The cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10 + , are delectable .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
Good drink .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
Good , fast service .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
When she complained , the waitress said , Sorry .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
I was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
great neighbhorhood spot .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
What more can you ask for ?
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Nice find .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
This is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
but their mac cheese was YUMMY !
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO !
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit .
Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
The staff offers impeccable service .
Dessert : pure disaster .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
Then , IF they answer the phone , you 're lucky if they do n't hang up on you !
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
A classic !
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Way below average
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
This place is a great bargain .
Her review is above .
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
Probably would not go again ...
Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
Anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more !
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Go for it !
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
Amazing food .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
And that 's no mean feat ...
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
I have been going back again and again .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
I ordered from here last week .
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
Good food .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day ?
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
Service is average .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it 's not a cheap night out ... but it 's SO worth it .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Way too much money for such a terrible meal .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
So close , but not good enough .
It 's no-fuss , fast and delicious .
It 's convenient .
Sure , the setting is nice .
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
What for ?
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . )
Great service , great food .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
All in all , I do n't see how you can go wrong .
I 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .
So eat fast and order a lot .
I could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
I absolutely love this place !!!
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
David , Daytona Beach , FL
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Good cake BUT : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
I think the meatball parm is good .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
Not impressed with the food .
despite the untasteful previous review ...
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
Food was OK .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
I do n't get it either .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
How have I never been to Agave before ?
Check out the secret back room .
the service is prompt friendly .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
I 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
highly recommended .
$ 170 down the toilet ...
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
Staff is very accomodating .
We will definitely go back .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
Not cheap but very yummy .
They 're terrific !!
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
it was a very warm experience .
" The menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
Authentic Pakistani food .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Very different than regular dimsum places .
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ...
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
My family ate here last weekend .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
Be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
Will never be back .
I generally like this place .
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
And you 're hungry a few hours later .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
Good for dates or with friends .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
This place is great .
Get it together .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
Since I cook for a living , I 'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
What more can you ask for ?
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .
What a hassle !
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices ...
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
We were less than impressed .
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
black white shakes came out good also .
This is , by far , my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often !
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Never again !
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Old school meets New world .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
Good food .
The veal was incredible last night .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
Will not be back .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
Sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
perfect for a quick meal .
The food tasted very good .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
The atmosphere is great !!!
The food was great .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
Great place , great value .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
This is also where I was from .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
I love this place .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
supercilious scorn is in .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
Restaurant with a view
Somewhat pricey but what the heck .
A guaranteeed delight !
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Kudos Haru
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
keep up the good work .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
Maybe it has improved since then ?
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
You are treated just like royality .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
This is a real gem of a place .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
It 's cute and simple and I loved it .
Although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
JUST AWSOME .
The food 's as good as ever .
All I can say is WOW !
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city .
I would go back .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
I mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
Never again !
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
We 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
Authentic Pakistani food .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
it 's delicious !
However , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
Get the tuna of gari .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
The staff is very friendly .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
Unbelievable .
In any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou .
even the wine by the glass was good .
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
There are other people waiting !
I have n't been to the other locations .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
good food good wine that 's it .
I do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I ’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
Having moved I truly miss this place .
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
This is n't a value joint .
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
great taste
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
Just not good at all .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
Wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the FOOD keeps me coming back !
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
Drinks : 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $ 35 each .
Very good service and very good prices .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
Zero ambiance to boot .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
The food was good .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
love the food .
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
Check it out
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
Moderate prices .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
And the bill was outragous .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
The guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
The ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
its alright
We 'd go back again
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
Unbelievable .
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left .
Worth a visit .
Polite acknowledgement is out ;
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
I went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
great hot dogs . .
Would NEVER go back there .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
Highly recommended to all !
Ahhh ...
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
I absolutely Loved this place .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
The staff is no nonsense .
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
very good breads as well .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
I am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
Great sake !
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
What 's the difference between the two ?
Food is great .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
No plans to return anytime soon .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
An excellent service
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
Bravo , Blue Hill !
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
I 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy 's Bronx Cafe .
Secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
Go for the Seafood Paella for two .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
A defitely must visit .
The service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
It does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
the waitstaffs are nice though .
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
This is where the aforementioned line was .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
If just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
The food was good too .
I look forward to eating here again
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Great Hot Dogs !
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , I was in your upstrairs dining area .
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
I would highly recommend it .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
Bobb V 's is a great place to take your Friends and Family !
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Get there before 7pm .
While it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
It was wonderful .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
Over price , and small portions .
The counter service is bad .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
It is bland and nothing extrodinary .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the " salt encrusted shrimp " appetizer .
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( I have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
Amma is nothing special .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Our first course was Tuna Sashimi with Green Yuzu Sauce .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day .
Expensive
Somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe 's to eat here .
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
We will be back .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
The food is great .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
They were dry , stale and pretty flavorless .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
