I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL .
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
Sad very SAD .
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
Needless to say a PC that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
Great laptop that offers many great features !
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem .
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day I turn it on , no GUI , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
Still pretty pricey , but I 've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund , and finally got to use it .
My only disappointment with the 13 " model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life ( of about 2 more hours ) .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
In the shop , these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
However , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you 're gaming ) .
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work .
I HATE this one .
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
Oh , boy !
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied .
on the bright side at least I was n't without my laptop for long this time !
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
That 's how frustrating it was .
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
- No backlit keyboard , but not an issue for me .
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
I ca n't even turn it off .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
I shopped around before buying .
I also got the added bonus of a 30 " HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
Would do business again .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
After paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
I have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
What a waste .
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem .
I did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
:) In the past four years I 've had it I have never once gotten a virus .
I love the operating system and the preloaded software .
They were great in handling this problem , and I 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
I 've tried going back to XL but there still problems .
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
It can not save the correct date and time I set .
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
And this is n't just my one experine .
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
I honestly love my mac , thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict .
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
Also kinda loud when the fan was running .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
- they lost my laptop for a month
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support .
This is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
at first !
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I ca n't imagine ever going back .
The keyboard is too slick .
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty .
I LOVE IT !
Amazing Quality !
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
I mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
The system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
This machine delivers .
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro .
I complain again ...
This laptop is insane !!!
If a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
for 2 months .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
Do you ever think HP would do that ? NEVER !
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
It 's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it .
Still trying to learn how to use it .
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
I bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around .
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
We 'll save our money to replace it with a Mac again !
Thank you for your great product !
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
Sorry Toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
Then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
Overall this laptop is great .
I love the glass touchpad .
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4 Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money .
Ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple .
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I wo n't have to worry about a crash .
Oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
Good luck .
Everything is so easy to use , Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy .
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
It has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
I shipped out on Saturday , July 17 .
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
I also purchased Office Max 's " Max Assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the MBPs .
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
Those things are very important - vital even !
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
I did n't like one thing about it .
The battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
Yeah , to you .
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift .
I have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
It turned out it 's not really a problem to have a Mac .
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
Images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode .
Going to bring it to service today .
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
So , I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook .
It is always reliable , never bugged and responds well .
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
they had to replace the motherboard in April
Yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in use .
Also , if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft , there is a charge , which I believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with XP if they could .
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
Also , I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
It Was a great deal after all .
This mac is great !
Keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that I do .
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
Gave phonenumber .
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow .
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper .
Dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
Yet , HP wo n't do anything about the problem .
i 'm returning mine
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
It 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
If you really want a bang-up system and do n't need to run Windows applications , go with an Apple ;
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
One of them seems to have worked .
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV .
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
2 months later , the battery went .
You may need to special order a bag .
It 's color is even cool .
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business .
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
Yes , a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
I 'm pleased .
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it .
With a healthy pessimism , I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
Do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
Money and time well spent !
Gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes .
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
Good laptop for the money .
I like the laptop overall .
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC .
I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
It gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
lots of preloaded software .
Sony , Acer , Dell , Packard Bell and Toshiba .
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
Have returned that laptop unused .
Will probably never buy a HP again .
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
I should have been more observant .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen .
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
What a great little laptop .
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
Granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my Mac boots up noticeably quicker .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO !
Could n't keep a page up you were working on !
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
Great battery , speed , display .
I would not recommend this product to anyone .
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races .
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
The delivery was fast , and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one .
I 'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for .
It 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for Microsoft office .
they improved nothing else such as Resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
You might think , I am new in this game , but I am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first .
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school .
1 ) Payed $ 2200 for a " premium " laptop
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100 % OF THE TIME .
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
Do not purchase this laptop .
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
I ordered through MacMall , which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally .
Very fast and efficient !
Of course , I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork , GarageBand , and iMovie .
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
In my house , HP is a nasty word .
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that Apple started it all .
By the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac .
Size : I know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
It is held in place magnetically .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
The display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp .
We were PC users .
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel .
After that the said it was under warranty .
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
This computer was awful , I would never recomend it to another person .
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
I loved it then , but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet .
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer , not will I buy Gateway , or eMachine as they are all from the same company .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
I look forward to years of use , it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well .
Im very happy with this computer !
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
High price tag , however .
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC .
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them " de-bugged " .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to " FM " as opposed to the default " CD .
It was a laugh too !
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since .
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
It is easy to use and lightweight .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
It is a bit heavy .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
They also have a longer service life than other computers ( I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks ) .
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
Runs Hot I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product .
For the not so good , I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy .
The gray color was a good choice .
This was the second computer and brand bought that day .
Buy this .
VERY disappointing :
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6 " .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
This is my first computer purchase
People know what they are talking about and they have pride in the product that they are selling .
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though .
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( I even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus .....
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista .
It is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
In the three years I 've had my MacBook Pro , I have never had a virus on my computer , and I do a lot of work on the internet .
I was ready to take it back for a refund , but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try .
It ca n't get any better .
All the problems I have had with PC 's are solved with a Mac : the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless .
In short I would never buy a Compaq again .
I love the 15 " MacBook Pro .
breaks easily .
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
That 's right , no power , absolutely NOTHING .
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
But I was wrong .
NO good .
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I 've ever bought .
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop .
Am very glad I bought it , great netbook , low price .
Obviously , this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way .
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
Summary : Dont buy HP .
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista , yet I know Vista is n't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista ( I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system ) .
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
You 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
Macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
Fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
It has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and abilitiy .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
It is the worst laptop ever
Suffice it to say , my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
I 'm not going to lie , I 've never really liked the Acer brand in general .
The OS is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a PC , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS !
iTunes is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an iPod .
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
it was shooting sparks !
Great product .
Mac is not made for gaming .
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf !
Toshiba is a great brand , even though I have n't had it for a long time , I am very happy with it !
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently .
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
That day !
" For one , I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
Since I never really got to use this , I ca n't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them .
Buyers beware .
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK !!!
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
I 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
Love it .
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate , and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
With awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
This machine was a horrible experience .
It runs perfectly .
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
The laptop was very easy to set up .
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
Since I 've had this computer I 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
When the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
Who could n't love a DVD burner , 80-gigabyte HD , and fairly new graphics chip ? As I soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
falls into the case .
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone .
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports .
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
That is my only complaint !
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
That system is fixed .
The computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
Like the price and operation .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and I 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but I still expected better product quality for this price range .
Honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
I ' have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
I really wish I had done this years ago .
Well , maybe I was just very unlucky .
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
Loaded with bloatware .
If you buy , pray you dont have major prolems .
Do n't get me wrong , I am no Microsoft hater , I 've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine .
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back .
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
Well , they do n't care a bunch .
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
Great Laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops , the Macbooks are worth the dough .
Recommended to people as their first laptop .
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
they have not sent a new one nor called .
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare .
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop .
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion .
Thinking about returning it
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
but it has a major design flaw .
I took the laptop home and not even a month later , I began to have problems with it .
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
It is super fast , and always loads .
The games included are very good games .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon did n't have it yet .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
I am very pleased with my purchase !
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
It 's super fast and a great value for the price !
Three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
Of course , eMachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
however , I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
Love it so far .
It is so much easier to use
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import .
In short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing Rover your dog ) .
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
The Notebook PC , Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town .
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
The Apple will run Internet Explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
With today 's company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone .
Other than that I do n't have one complaint in the world !
The computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
This has happened three times so far .
I 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? So , I said I wanted a new set .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
If you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
- Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid ( I have tried both Motorola and HTC ) plugged into the USB port .
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show .
The battery life was shorter than expected .
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing .
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook .
The keyboard is top notch .
Do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? It will NOT !
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box !
My Macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC .
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007 .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and I have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
I took it back for a full refund .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed .
Overall , still a very nice machine .
Where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
My kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
Not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
I realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
I have had a Mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to PC .
i love to use it it is esay and light .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs .
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
I LOVE it !
The # 1 reason that is always repeated .
Now for the hardware problems .
Unfortunately , that is not the case .
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
It 's face and depanable .
No Viruses !
I 'm just really happy that I waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved .
Apple care included .
It was an all around waste of money for me .
I worked in IT retail sales before .
Features like the font are very block-like and old school .
It has everything you need to get the job done .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
I feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products .
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying .
Well , maybe more like week one .
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE .
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east .
The only bad part is the size/weight .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
I liked the aluminum body .
also it is light weight compared to others .
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
Sorry , newegg .
Be safe buy a Sony .
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were .
Originally bought it for my wife .
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it !
I asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
Now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
Boots up fast and runs great !
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
Buy it , love it , and I promise you wo n't regret it .
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
If you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
Just a month and a half or two months ago , my VAIO crashed again .
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
I did contact HP and share how unhappy I am .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
The 13 " MacBook Pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
Great overall .
My smart phone is faster !
They say sorry out of warranty .
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed .
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
I have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
This is my second MacBook .
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
There are several programs for school or office use ( Pages , Numbers , Keynote , etc. ) , music ( Garageband ) , photo management ( Photo Booth , iPhoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( iMovie ) , etc .
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
The love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars !
The screen shows great colors .
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
That 's a huge difference .
Dells are ok , HPs are n't that good , but Macs or Fantastic .
So , buyers beware !
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie !
I have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
Again , I sent it off to Acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
DEFINITELY recommended !!!
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
Let me start with the good : So awesome .
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
I waited and waited and no laptop .
Everything is falling apart internally and externally .
I also liked the glass screen .
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
It super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
Its a dog plain and simple .
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
My HP is very heavy .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
The price and features more than met my needs .
They refuse .
big mistake !
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764 .
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA !
First of all , I 've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years .
GREAT INVESTMENT !
I am just amazed .
I burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so I can place it there .
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and I would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
I would buy this lap top over and over again !
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
I can actually get work done with this MAC , and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop .
Also , HDD secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
If you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio .
( Beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
And I 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
Games being the main issue .
No problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world .
I am definitely sold , and not going back to PCs for home use !
I have a lapdesk which I can use , but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
It was over rated !
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing .
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
I was n't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money !
Other Thoughts : Do not purchase this product .
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( I do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
and looks very sexyy :D really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
I took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their Geek Squad headquarters .
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone .
Thank God for " ctrl Z " Bottom line , I 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
They definitely have a superior product !
A great computer for light home use and business use .
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
They are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
This computer was awful !
Heck , if I had enough ' money , I would but it as a gift for someone .
Even so , I like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows .
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it .
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP .
I have not have any problems .
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation .
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09 .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from PC ;
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
Sent unit back and it 's been two months .
Came fully loaded - good .
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7 , what about us Vista users ? They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system .
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008 , we wanted Windows XP , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with Vista .
( I definatly ca n't ) .
Files as well would become lost , deleted or corrupted .
It is meant to be PORTABLE .
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN .
This is perfect for her field .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
That 's the downside for me .
The only thing that I have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
Hopefully Amazon will take this back .
They ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months !
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
But I needed a laptop for school use .
he ca n't stand it .
The computer was delivered as promised .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
I would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
Looking online , many people are having the same problem .
Wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO .
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowlede .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
All for such a great price .
I went right out and purchased another laptop .
Long story short , since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one , I did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing .
This computer gets very hot , before shutting down .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
Went silently .
Satisfy what I paid for it .
IT IS TRASH !
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
Clear picture on it and everything .
Overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
So you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
It 's so useable and responsive .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now .
A little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
Very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either .
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
The graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
and if u did .
I 've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
They gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
It was definelty a smart move .
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
I babyed the heck out of it and i still do .
Handles all my basic media needs easily .
Just what the doctor ordered .
If you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , I bought the white one from Best Buy .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
Excellent speed for processing data .
All in all , I 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with HP as a whole .
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased .
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
It has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed .
It 's A MAC !!
It was weird .
I can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
4gb of ram ...
I did a review on it , its awesome .
Before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue .
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro .
The driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
I will never go back to Windows !
Do your research on this issue .
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
It doesnt work worth a damn .
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC When I first got this computer , it really rocked .
It works really well .
It has happened again and I 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
Bigger HD , better graphics card , and a bid HD .
Lord HAVE MERCY !
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
No big deal .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner ( ! ) .
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD 'd during that time !
It works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
But you must get the 15 inch .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
Overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
PLEASE MAKE THESE !
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
After the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
It 's a great product for a great price !
Again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
Before i bought my new i5 , I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
May be better for the occasional web surfer .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped .
Obviously we both got new Macs .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
It 's fun to take to a bookstore , sit in the coffee shop area , sign in to WiFi and look up book reviews of books I might buy .
Not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
HP said it was out of warranty .
- Stay away from Apple , or hope you laptop does not break down .
It 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell ( not to say Dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
wonderful features .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
Im glad that it has such great features in it .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well .
Great wifi too .
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
Only a few days after I received the computer back , the screen froze again .
It is not ideal for children because of the temp .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
Great OS , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
That includes transferring my music and movies .
Images are crisp and clean .
Took that one home , same thing .
I 'm going back to PC .
Great , quick laptop for the money .
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks .
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 10
By week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though I did not use it too much .
And it is impossible to get them back in .
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
After the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
It does n't heat up like my old laptop .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
It 's solid .
Before I got my macbook , I owned a Dell laptop .
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
It did n't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
It lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if I fired it up today , it would work .
been a PC user for many , many years .
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the LCD ) .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
There are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
It is not even a year old yet , so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
Amazing machine .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
Newegg 's RMA service was great as always , I contacted them late Friday night , and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday .
I 'm very impressed .
Dell sucks
Design : very durable .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person !
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly .
Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
My ONLY issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII .
I was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
Ive had to call tech support many times .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
Yes , I have it on the highest available setting .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
Hieroglyphics are quite common .
This worked just fine .
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
I was so happy with my new Mac .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
Despite the inconvenient weight , I opted for the 12 cell battery .
My MacBook is faster than any comparable PC .
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
I 'm very happy with this machine !
I do not recommend this company or their products !!!!
I like this machine because its very lightweight ...
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
It was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning .
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it .
HP said I had done the damage .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems , as well .
I would recommend this product .
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
The screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to ( CS5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop .
Everything else just install and go .
This thing is a lemon .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
We now own two of these , identical .
I 've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye 'd the computer when I took it out of my bag .
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba , purchased specifially for attending online schooling .
Once you go Mac , you ca n't go back !
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
They 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK !
I let my friend borrow it , and she knows nothing about computers , and she used it with ease .
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value .
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though I will upgrade this and the ram . . )
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset " - Inquired status of repair .
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
I respond that I do not have the old computer ...
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
Programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
Also , because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
It is very durable , I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the Macbook Pro .
Keyboard is reasonable size .
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to Louisville Ky .
I 'm now trying to decide on another Dell model .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user , meaning I average about three " tabs " .
Best Buy Rocks !
A couple things you should know :
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
The screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
The feature are good enough for what I need .
All the yada-yada .
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
I had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer .
" This is n't a big deal , I have n't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media , only through USB output .
I love it !
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
( I had been a Windows/Linux user before this ) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for ( Internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
Very good quality and well made .
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP , but I use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
Two of the times was in one month .
So needless to day , I 'm not happy .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me .
Typically , when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba .
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up !
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to .
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
It was n't worth it .
Its a good laptop for its value .
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
Probbly the worst decision we ever made !
Then the hard drive failed ;
This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling .
I had less problems .
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan .
Plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
This machine rocks !
of course my warranty runs out next month .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
But not in this case .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school , I had a hard time from beginning .
I do not know for sure .
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
Every single one we 've gotten we 've had problems with .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash .
This is a great value for the money .
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
The battery has never worked well .
return it .
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase !
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
That was a big mistake .
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS !!!
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
Other Thoughts : Received replacement 16 Days later .
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication , HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
It is very well built .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
Even though it is running Snow Leopard , 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7 , then I will truly be a very happy geek .
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro .
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
I have never had an experience like this .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
returned it to walmart .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
I love everything about it .
It 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
All was well .
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro , it is clean and organized , which I always strive to be myself .
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
Not worth it one bit .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
Windows 7 Starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
I hate to say this , but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back , then I would .
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
Being only 2 months old , I am not a happy camper !
" > iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both !
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse .
They would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
Such as PAGES , NUMBERS , and so on .
My laptop now has no battery .
Beta had better quality , but VHS became the industry standard .
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
: - ) If you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working .
10 plus hours of battery ...
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
I 'm going to try and keep my old G4 on the road for as long as possible .
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
I loved it .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
The pictures are clear as can be .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
If anything , I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
I sit down and use my husband 's work PC and I do n't like it one bit .
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one .
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop .
The flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one , but IMO NO STARS
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
It 's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc !
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
I 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
The machine itself is alright .
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would .
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I do n't run accross a situation like this again !
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air .
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life .
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
The touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again !
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
its sad because their commercials are great .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
Luckily , Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one , but instead I got a refund and bought a mac .
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
Never been hacked .
It 's so bad that I 'm thinking I only got half a battery or something .
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
I think it was seventy nine plus tax .
In summary , take your money elsewhere .
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications .
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
I will NEVER buy ( Refurbished ) again , I do n't cae how cheap it is .
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
It is just slow slow slow .
Bottom line , I doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
As a lifelong Windows user , I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac .
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop .
So this was great for me .
This is the first macbook I have ever had .
The acer one compuer is a great computer .
another problem .
The Macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it .
So , if you 're thinking of a laptop , I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook for all your needs !
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
The " Time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
It also does not have bluetooth .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
I can do pretty much 75 % of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
Being a PC user my whole life ....
great battery life .
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
At first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
Delivery was early too .
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro , this thing holds its own .
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
I left the place angrily .
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well !
I 've had a Toshiba laptop in the past ;
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
ASUS said my net-book was working properly .
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
Very annoying .
My main reason to convert was the imovie program .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
If you need an affordable , entry-level laptop , this will fit the bill .
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar .
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
It may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
Screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
Received the product promptly and without any issues .
It is so great , I can Hardly ever take my hands off it !
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
But reasons we chose this Apple computer .
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz ) .
They say it could be the motherboard again , but Dell
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
Love the speed , especially !
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me .
So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped .
It 's outstanding too .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
A MONTH LATER , we reinstall the OS ( Vista ) .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
just chill and enjoy .
The battery life is also relatively good .
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
I should have sent it back to them then .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC 's .
This laptop leaves alot to be desired , I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
Do n't waste your money or time .
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
Memory is upgradable .
Web access through the 3G network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING .
Well , I bought this laptop a month or two ago .
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment .
Received all four in good order ;
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it .
this is starting off good .
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite .
The only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
Very small and portable I 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It 's better than expected .
She said Wal Mart rants and raves abouy carring Dell because it 's a big name but they are a piece of garbage .
NOT WITH APPLE .
After 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
Each time taking about 1 day or so .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days .
Probably wo n't work either .
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
I love the keyboard .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase .
In my line of work , I often have to take work home , and this makes it so easy .
They told me to reprogram the computer , and I did n't need to do that , and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her life .
I use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present .
It took so much time .
I hate it .
The screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV .
I 'll stick to Tashiba .
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
I was said it 's videocard .
Plus stylish .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
And , if you are going to deal with HP be careful .
I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
Unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
( You may be reading one now !
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro !
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased .
Now , as easy as it is to use , and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop .
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
Enough said .
Setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
I do not plan on going back .
No laptop is perfect , but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you .
I really like the Mac 15.4 in . Notebook , but its very pricey .
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
We were occasional Mac users before , but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford .
Called tech support and got the usual Acer " We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " I explained there was no software involved in booting .
I would never tell anyone to buy one either .
The programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
I ca n't say enough good for it !
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
I thought the price was great for the specs .
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
So , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
Just for a stupid CD .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
It crashes , and when it goes flat , it just DIES ( like a PC , maybe worse ) and I loose all my open documents !
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
I ' v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it was n't LIKE THAT .
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
The only downfall is the volume control .
Clearly , there is something wrong with the product and LG did n't take up the responsibility .
Very fast boot up and shut down .
Right out of the box , this little netbook did everything I asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
I am very happy with this laptop .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it .
What a mistake !
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
I had read online that some users were having sound problems .
My last computer , a Toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
It discharges too quickly .
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM .
Then it ceased charging at all .
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
I am not much of a computer techie , so I can understand some of the internal problems , though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
Stay away from HP .
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside .
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
I like it !
The pricing is very competitive .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
Its still going .
This computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
Maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
The advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook , I decided to go to Dell 's website and update it .
The computer blinks it shuts off at will .
Excellent product for the money .
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
I can do everything I could before , only faster and more efficiently .
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble .
For those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
Despite the plethora of problems , I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
I had my IWORKS , Itunes , Email , MS Office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
Simply amazing computer !!
I first purchased this Dell model " 1764 " on April 6 , 201
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
Two times with in one month .
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig ( you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
Whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows ( or Winblows , as I like ot call it ) .
BUT there 's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
I hope to edit this in the next few hours , I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7 .
If it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a Friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
) I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it , I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
C'mon , LG .
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
Registration/1st use is easy .
I love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
The Toshiba Mini Notebook , Model NB 305-N410BL , is a great little computer .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it ...
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
When I got it , I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
Now they are believers in the product .
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it .
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
I had never owned a Mac before ;
The 4 USB ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
i try to use it today and I ca n't logon .
Keyboard could use some trimming .
The bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and USB ports inoperative .
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service , on my Eee PC I get 3 bars .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
Pretty disappointed about this product .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student , so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
It out performs any other laptop on the market today .
This is what I call a good after sales service .
Maybe it 's Acer , maybe it 's MSFT .
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells .
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could .
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP , I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS .
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
I have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
For the same price , you get a lot more in the Asus .... 1920x1080 res .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " Buy " and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you do n't matter .
However the frozen screens kept happening .
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
At least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
It 's A MAC !!
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
This is my first LG product .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
3 ) Horrible customer support
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
very very slow laptop .
I 'm going back to DELL .
With what I paid for this computer it should have had everything on it .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
Runs smooth and quick .
Not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
Honestly , I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for !
This a starter notebook .
No I am generous calling it slow .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
The graphics are great .
All-in-all , I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
For the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
I called back to ensure that received it , they had .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
What I 'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box .
Now , the next issue I had freaked me out .
i love ths notebook .
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
The battery life is great .
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if , since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it 's " like new , " I might have 8 months next time .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
I fell in love with it .
It was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
There is nothing to complain about the system .
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
Maybe not the cutting edge ( Satellite L455D ) but it is a workhorse .
But the Macbook is the best !
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it .
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
My wife also has problems with her Asus - different model .
Features such as the Dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
This computer is the ideal college companion .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
Couldnt not use it .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
Great pick for portability and affordability .
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
I previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( If I am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
They did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
We used PC products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone , but this Netbook was a very poor computer .
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba !
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what I 've done .
I would Highly recommend this MacBook .
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
Let 's just get this out of the way , I love Apple !
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
* 4 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam , decided to send complaint email to Apple .
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I 've used .
Bought with a credit card .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
I did a lot of research and ended up thinking this Toshiba was the best one for me .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
I am so happy to have purchased this computer .
Oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
I did not take the class and wish that I would have .
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
Not good for a person who gets online daily .
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
I ca n't even remember how I finally got it taken care of , but I was done with Sony after that !
So it was only about 2 weeks ago .
I just love this lap top , I just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
The software is amazing .
We carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the LCD just " slide " downwards .
There is nothing better .
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
Vista is a nightmare .
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
I have used a couple of others on the job as well .
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
Posted Nov 8 , 2010 - Two weeks ago I bought this notebook .
Acer wo n't replace the laptop .
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it .
Now I could get myself a cheap computer , that will probably work a whole lot better !
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac .
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
This is the first laptop I 've owned , althougth I used several at my previous job .
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall ? Yeah , I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
I do n't really have a complaint .
I 'm pretty sure it 's not newegg 's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop .
Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
So I called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , I just chose to hide the message .
I claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
Enough said .
Not working = bad
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it .
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
My son said it popped up and he clicked update .
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening .
The unibody design is edgy and durable .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
But , for the cost this is a winner .
Let me tell you , this machine is great .
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME !
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
Also , the battery does not last very long at all .
Good luck with your purchase options .
Buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac .
Very disappointed !
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
No viruses .
It is everything that I would want in a computer .
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
You will fall in love with it in no time .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
They removed them and returned the computer to me .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
On 3 July 2004 , I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $ 150
I went with him and we picked this one .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it 's better than ever .
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin !
The notebook would not turn back on again .
The ease of use is wonderful .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
- When battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair ( 26th of August ) .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs .
It 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding .
It 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
Mom , Dad , Brother , sister , You name it !
but it came back in even worse shape .
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
Before , I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer 's site .
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
It 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook .
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
So far , a great product .
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
It 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
Also , macbooks come with much more features which are so cool !
They sent out a Sony ' Certified ' technician .
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
I 've saved a lot of time and headaches so far , using my new MacBook Pro .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
So far , I have no complaints .
His was worth $ 36 .
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS .
I spent 2200 dollars on a " top of the line laptop " .
I also own an HP notebook and it does n't even come close .
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2 .0 hrs when not plugged in .
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
I had a MacBook Notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
I made the right decision .
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
Overall , it 's ok .
Graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst .
I am very Happy !
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems .
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT .
It just works flawlessly !
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
I 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it ( that 's about how long the port seems to last ) .
Ok first .
So if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
another satisfied customer .
also the battery is completely shot .
Highly recommended !
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card ( ATI 5870 ) / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
But after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
Will not buy another Toshiba , this is my second , not happy w / either .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone , then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers .
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
As it turns out , I just did n't know any better .
I 've had friends with Acers who seem to have had similar or exact same problems .
What can I say .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
What 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it does n't keep what I put here are my aratings
it might be something deep within Windows , for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
First , you ll discover that the word processing program known as Appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down .
It does n't bother me though .
I 've had this laptop for about a month now .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
English must have been his third or fourth language .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
I am just ONE of the million customers .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
I just plug this into my 22 " Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core .
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
Screen , keyboard , and mouse : If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
I am taking back today .
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift , and i 'm totally ( almost kind of maybe definitely ) obsessed with it .
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
- Complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
It quit working within a weeks time .
but after i got used to it i love it .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
After 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home .
Good monitor and performed well .
They are closed at 9pm eastern .
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
Although my model was listed as recalled , HP denied my claim .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
I am loyal to Apple .
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
I will be patient for few months .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised .
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell .
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
The video card is great for media , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
It was always getting froze up .
my information was all lost ( my fault , I know , but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac , the paragon of all computers !
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it .
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family .
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so I sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists ( a vice of which I am recently myself reformed ) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs ' at this point .
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
Otherwise , all other features are a 1
So in late March , early April 2009 I was without it again for a couple weeks while I had online courses I had to complete and my fiance was in Afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had .
The performance is awesome .
I pondered very long over this decision .
This thing sucks !
I Love my new computer !
Okay , let 's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
I 'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration .
So I got another netbook which I love !
But in fact it is totally the opposite .
The display is beyond horrible .
He LEFT ME , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
It 's a joke .
There is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
Actually , I had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
I started hainv problems with it within the first month .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
I 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
But I do n't see it as a problem .
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP .
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
This one has had the same effect .
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
This computer is absolutely AMAZING !!!
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal !
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
I love the Apple products .
I loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows OS ) until this started happening .
The minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the Mac .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
They 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
was a great deal i will give that .
Theres also iDVD , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
I have used PC 's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy .
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
- Apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
It does n't have a lot of frills , but I did n't need any , and being able to buy what I needed , and not more than I needed was very important .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop .
Awesome graphics !
It really is perfect for work and play .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
I am a college student and it has been very useful .
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made .
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best .
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7 .
That 's very possible , but since they do n't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine , I was stuck until Windows 7 came out .
I ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
It is , however , very heavy .
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
Well , I started using Google Chrome , which is a little better , but it freezes too sometimes .
Also the speakers are not very loud , But it is a netbook .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
Just a black screen !
All you have to do is turn it on and it works .
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect .
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
Save your money and go for a better device .
I have been a PC user since middle school , but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side , or should I say the brighter side of life .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product ( my five year old Compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
I ordered four D620 laptops .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
I saw this one , and I have the most difficult time trying to use them , they 've made great dust collectors , I hate putting this computer down
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook , it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop .
I love the multi-touch trackpad .
I was psyched .
I absolutely love my mac !
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer !
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived .
Not too much " junk " software to remove .
System is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
It is easy to use , good quality and good price .
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC 's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine .
The extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
Only issue is that it is a little slow , and I 'm fixing that by adding more RAM .
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access .
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare , I 'd buy the Pro line though , the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
But , Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
HELP , HELP , OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER .
Now I know !
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
Even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer I got ( that WAS worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the Docking port .
My MacBook Pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote .
I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
Easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
Take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
It is as good as new .
And it did n't show up on the reciept , I do n't know how we ordered it online !
I went from BestBuy to Dell , Windows to Apple .
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
Love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Visited MacHouse Amsterdam .
They do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
I was very excited because this was my first personal computer and I was purchasing it with my OWN money I had recieved from graduation presents .
Asked the customer service rep.
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
Basic computer .
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart .
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage .
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
I should have bought one a long time ago .
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key .
I got what I paid for .
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side , In the way of operating a mouse in small area .
However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything .
I got the first " Blue screen of death " in the early part of July .
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
In fact , somehow ( and I never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
It seems to be incompatible with everything else .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
When I took it back to Best Buy I asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
It was returned on the third day I owned it .
IT WANT TAKE IT , IT KEEP SAYING ERROR .
Anyone who is considering buying an Acer computer of any sort , I seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
Highly recommend for daily use .
We are addicted to the Mac .
Because it IS a defective product .
Second , it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
True quality at a great price !
Not easy to carry .
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
It has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it .
After doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " MBP i5 .
I am ADDICTED to photo booth !
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
So , I went back .
I like it so much , I bought another just for my wife .
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500GB instead of 320GB ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
This laptop rocks ( only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple does n't support ) !
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
I do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
First things first , Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
Guess I 'll stay away from HP .
It is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop .
But then , something goes wrong .
So far so good with this laptop .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
Avoid this model .
Summary : I 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what I know now , I would not buy it at that price .
The local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some Toshiba satellite .
it has had some problems .
Theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
Now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
2 . The wireless card is low quality .
This little netboook is helping me get work done !
They also use two totally different operating systems .
They are about the same size keys .
I 'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100 % that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
This ai n't it .
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
Again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
Finally , I could n't take it anymore and ordered my Apple .
I should have kept my big , old HP .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
I am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
You know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
You just get a trial version either way .
I 'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
I never have had a good result with this computer .
I love its solid build , light wt and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET FOR .
while about 8 years ago , I hope that the quality has changed .
NO more Lenovo for me .
I also bought one for my wife , and 3 for my office .
However , a NETBOOK will be a different story .
I 'm glad I bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
I am a full Mac convert now .
I highly recommend that you buy this product .
Though you get a polite person , you often don t get a solution .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was .
The battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
Sound card is limited though .
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13 " in April , and I loved it .
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
After much battling with HP i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
So , you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
go for it !
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
The display is awesome .
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route .
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
Perfect trifecta !
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop !
- Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
So do n't get it .
it was a tough choice .
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
The Awesomest of the awesomest .
One , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac .
I 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
It 's also fairly easy to use the Operating System .
But , I would recommend this product .
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had .
If so , you may be having similar problems .
Some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
This is a great machine !
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
Peformance is good for the price .
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba .
I can see why the have soooo much money .
I 'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE .
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned .
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
And in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
I 'll wait and save up for a new one .
This laptop does everything I need it to very well .
They are not .
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc , is not hard at all .
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
It is super easy to use .
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
I would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run MS Office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , I 'd highly recommend checking this out .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
They discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie !
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT !
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
The speakers on it are useless too .
You may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
This is not Best Buy 's fault .
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident ( long story ) .
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
I 've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it !
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
Exactly that , users .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
they will not let you down .
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
It 's not a recommendation , it ' a plea .
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " Senior Tech " .
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
A cheaper price should not equal a " cheap " product .
- When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them , I tried to call .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
got another 1 , and same issue .
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too !
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes .
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need .
Adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
I would never buy a Dell again .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
It 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
The rep did not even answer my question , I had to ask him , if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop !
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
They do n't crash .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
I love this little one .
So not having my laptop was discouraging .
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66 GHz 15 " Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
Fully charged , the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged .
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems !
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops , it is worth the price .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
I do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and I 'll never buy another one because I 've put more into it then it is worth .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
However , this will be my last as well .
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when I click on it it says : " Consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full charge .
SO ? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT ? C'mon , I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
If you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac .
I 've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it 's all about .
On two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
Overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting .
Then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
But if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased .
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased .
Also the display is exceptional !
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used .
( 3DMARK6 score is only 8500 ) .
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
My friends are in awe every time they come over !
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for .
It did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
THEN , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
2nd Mac book I have purchased from MacConnection .
I love a " pc " but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
Other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
I took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
At first when I got this product , I loved it .
I think this computer is super lame .
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted , but I did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
Even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
company provides UPS shipping , fast , great !
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in .
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be .
Then I 've fixed the DC jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
I purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
More relieved than anything .
It is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
Summary : Spend your money elsewhere
believe me apple has a reputation .
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
PC users work in Word , while Mac users work in Pages .
I am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
While I mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , I 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I 've come to appreciate from Mac laptops .
I 've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
The perfect notebook ...
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that ar n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
I highly recommend this product !
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
So far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the HP I replaced .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
Good price .
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
I wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so I was directed to a nice looking HP Laptop .
the speed is fine .
I was starting to boil .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
BAck she goes !
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
not the day received .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions , this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made .
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it !
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped .
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
Without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
I 've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009 .
Unfortunately , the laptop I purchased was also a Dell and again , I have to say i hated it .
Took a while to clean it up to my specs .
They are so realistic I am just speechless .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , I find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
They have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
It is amazing .
Needless to say , not to happy with the product .
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas .
Still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
I chose the iBookG4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone .
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
I would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7 .
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
Garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
But if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
Do n't waste your money !
Currently if I use the laptop I ca n't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs .
- Managed to send complaint email .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
I do everything on this computer - check email , facebook , shop , check blogs , write papers , listen to music , and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv .
I thought it would be a simple job .
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
I Hate it !
Do n't buy this model .
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past .
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
Overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
First the screen goes completely out .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
I love this 13 " Mac white unibody .
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon !
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
The PhotoBooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
And inconvenient !
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
It is so speedy .
Needs constant repair .
I will never purchase a HP again ever .
I had to pay for the shipping !
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
This is another reason to like the Mac .
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
One bad thing is it gets hot .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection .
Hope this helps !
But guess what ? ( you have to buy an external dvd drive it does n't have a built in type ) The notebook ca n't be used because it does n't read anything for an external drive .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
Apparently they 're not special anymore .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
I 'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC !!!
99 to fix it .
Few viruses to catch ;
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
While many people brag about Mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC , but once I got the hang of it , I do n't want to go back .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
If you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
Info : Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
We did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
Its also FUN to use !
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
WIth the upgraded memory , the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
Simple to use , and great graphics .
It still serves me well both in business and home needs .
I use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP , well , I 'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone !
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made .
The internet speed is spectacular .
They claim call center is still down .
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues !
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
My house is now 100 % Macbook .
They 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
My husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem .
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones .
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
It WORKS !
You just lose a customer .
I ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
I hate it !
returned it .
Downfalls : sharp edges .
It is a cheap throw together .
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors !!!!
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
Once again , I was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
It easily fits into most computer bags but does n't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks .
The Macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( I have the 13.3 " model ) , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact , and I am certainly glad I did .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
In addition , all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
I actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they FINALLY agreed to replace it , ( ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS !
I really do n't like it , but I am stuck .
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
The port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you ca n't see the plug at all , it 's just gone .
- Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam .
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
I love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
These new problems were the final straws ;
luckly i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
- Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
We both recently got new laptops .
I 've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back .
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro .
Winters is on it 's way and I imagine it will be cozy .
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
Will certainly use MacConnection again .
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
Instead of taking another chance on Toshiba , I went with an Asus G73JH-x3 .
She told me flatly , " It 's like that one .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
So you might ask , what did Apple do for me ?
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ) .
Should be there by the end of the week ( again ... ) .
Again , decent comp for the price , and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
I just got this laptop for college , and so far I am very happy with it .
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like I will have to as well .
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and I am not kidding you , I called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
Its fast , has High definition quality in the videos .
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
Speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $ 250 loss .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
I was WRONG !
The ease of set up was terrific .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
Screen is crystal clear , yes it 's small - but it 's a netbook !
So this review might be a tad bit bias .
This was around three years , maybe four years ago .
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
This is a review of windows vista system .
She said its very user friendly .
Kind of annoying , but I still love the laptop .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
I am very happy I bought this Mac , well worth the extra money .
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on .
There 's literally no way to make it sing with Vista .
After looking at all the pros and cons , I decided on the Macbook Pro .
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
Hope this helped !
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
Please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
This laptop serves all my needs .
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
Very satisfied .
Do not buy it !
- Estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
After purchasing this thing , I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
It works great for general internet use , Microsoft Office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
I will not buy another one .
Time will tell .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class .
From the get-go , the M6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free .
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
I practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
Finally , I purchased a Toshiba .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan .
Many thanks , Overstock.com .
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
The screen takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
The right speaker did not work .
Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use , although very different than Win XP , Visa or Win7 .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
I 've always used PC 's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac .
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
Startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April .
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine !
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video .
I Contacted HP about this situation and was given excuses , without results .
You know what ? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago .
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
I dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
I ca n't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print .
I can not be happier with the service or product .
Everything was so easy .
To list a few : They tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns , as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up .
Got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college .
I do transcription work on the side , and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well .
After 5 months of failed repairs , requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue .
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase .
After years of using PCs , a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
Speakers does n't sound that great .
You better believe my next computer will be a MAC !
I love it !
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
It is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD .
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming , as I have a desktop rig for that reason .
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
Easy learning curve .
I go to purchase it on line , and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
dell is a decently made pc .
Great value , fast delivery - Computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
As a user of a PC , I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself " Getting the job done quicker .
The computer would not ever cut back on .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
i would have to say that overall its great !
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
It 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
This unit is not .
We love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
They are n't worth the money , even though they are on the cheap side , laptop speaking .
Either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
So glad I decided to upgrade !
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
the battery is irreplaceable .
* IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP , THIS IS NOT IT !
If you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
It 's catatonic .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
It 's software and speed enable it to do amazing things .
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is DESIGNED to fail !
He came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections I turn on should work .
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I 'm doing now !
I am most impressed with the programming , including the iPhoto .
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
I upgraded it 's RAM to 2GB , I am very happy with it .
This is a great computer .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
Dismantle the whole thing ? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
It would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
I paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
I was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong .
Note that I do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
The apple care has never failed me , and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
Buyer Beware .
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair .
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
I love the size , keyboard , the functions .
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
the mouse is way way way to sensitve .
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
Also , I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC .
Enjoy your sitdown
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
The only thing I do n't understand is that the resolution of the screen is n't high enough for some pages , such as Yahoo!Mail .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
At first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
I did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
i can use it for all of my needs .
After doing CAD work all day at work , using a higher end PC , I could n't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer .
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
Either way I 'm furious .
Besides the great look , it is a great machine .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
The sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
I was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain Flash .
This computer was bought because I wanted " top of the line " , fast , reliable , HA .
A lot of help they WERE N'T !
( The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive . )
I will never buy anything from HP again !
I ca n't imagine EVER buying a PC again !
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click .
Took it back as it was defective .
Other Thoughts : I love newegg , I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
Right size and weight for portability .
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
So far , so good !
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium -- delivered with only 1GB of RAM , and it was a * dog * .
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( I prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the brightness .
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
This system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix .
UPDATE : Two years after buying this laptop , I am now the proud owner of a lemon .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE .
We did not even have it a year .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
So you out of of notebook and money .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
But to be honest , I do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
I would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that is n't good at all .
( No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
And the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video , so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
Fast , great visual !
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
You will need them if you want to reload the OS ( I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
apple and quess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one .
might have to buy one for me now , since I use it all the time .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the Smithsonian ) After on Hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
Purchased as a gift for a friend .
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
After they found no other way , they told me to courier it to them ( since they do n't allow the use of the post office ) at my expense , and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it would n't be covered .
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
Battery life needs more life .
For some odd reasons the computer does n't reconize the operation system .
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from !
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive .
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English .
I think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90 's .
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key .
I have owned it only two months !
I love my macbook pro !
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it .
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
Thanks , MacConnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
Its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
The difference is phenomenal .
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
I am a freelance graphic artist .
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
I did not like my acer .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
Then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
Laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market .
The only time I have restarted is during system updates .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
It 's great and we will always stick with Apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
Thank you .
The benefits were immediate !
Much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me .
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook , just was n't sure which one .
But with A WAY Bigger Screen , and IS able to connect to an HDMI .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008 .
I guess he was the technical person .
They click .
A seventy dollar mouse !
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
I have the A65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
That being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
I 'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs ( 4 ) , and a driver/application DVD .
In addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
What 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
PDF files can be viewed instantly .
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it .
Overall for the money this is a good deal .
It is so simple to use , I use it more than my desktop .
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I 've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb , 201
It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
EITHER WAY , THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest .
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC !
The quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
I recommend the Macbook Pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room .
Small and light weight .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
He did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
4 ) Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
The only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but I expected that .
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
Never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
Did n't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
It is SO much fun to play with .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
* 6th week * - They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
All of the programs ( Keynote , Pages , Numbers ) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
The best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
There is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
And Toshiba is a quality supplier .
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 1000
I ca n't honestly say I was heartbroken .
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER -------- LOU
Unfortunately , Apple 's quality has continued to slide .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
It 's very annoying .
I 'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot .
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
I would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
For me , five stars is not enough .
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products .
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook , I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros .
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
Was not happy with one of the programs on it .
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop .
This is definitely a computer worth the money ;
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
I am stuck with a laptop that I can not do very much with .
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
Better stick with another brand .
I am glad I did my research .
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( I bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
5 months dead again .
Also , you wo n't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus .
Very happy .
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
My children wo n't even use it for their school work .
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE ---- BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
The touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
The computer did what it was NOT supposed to do , and I did n't know what to do ....
- Bluetooth ( 2.1 ) , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic/Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 ( for me ) on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
I love this computer .
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
They don t translate from a Mac , even on Word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
Summary : They played games with me for the warranty period .
i cant believe HP put this out .
In November my computer messed up entirely and would n't power on after intalling a Windows update , I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere .
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time !
I tell everyone that I know , friends , family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used .
Overall : Poor , Features : Average , Performance : Poor , Battery Life : Excellent , Price-Value : Poor
Otherwise , I love it !
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
I have recently converted back to a mac and I could n't be happier !
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
The graphics are stunning .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
The laptop is gorgeous .
It 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
I 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and Apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
I 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
HP did n't fix it .
, Applications respond immediately ( not like the tired MS applications ) .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
Now , I guess , I 'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
The laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie Internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
The problems started with just the screen freezing .
Taking it anywhere was a pain !
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
defective software .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it .
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
Looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
I would recommend not buying this product .
its more like a snail crawl .
I have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba , too .
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home , and it runs just fine .
I am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
So I called , AGAIN .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
Stay away from Envy .
- got it back 3 months later
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
When I turned it on , nothing .
I should have checked this before I installed my applications .
The battery is really long .
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition .
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
Comes with iMovie ;
I just love my Mac !
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months .
They freeze all the time .
this one , in my opinion , might be a lemon !
The book is useless .
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS .
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
My computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
Not even safe mode boots .
Which was way too much money .
To those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
This is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
I had to pay $ 100 for a universal charger for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
1 . You can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does NOT support that function ) .
Took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different FedEx offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it .
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( I could see them ) .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
It all just makes sense .
2 ) Blue screen first month
I love it so much .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
Strengths : Well-shaped Weaknesses : A bad videocard !
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
I use it now more than I even thought I would .
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
Do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
It is a REAL touchpad , not the toy I saw in other brands .
It has worked fine .
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
Long story , but after many calls to various offices , I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
I can throw anything at it ( and I do ) , Pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
Price and purpose is awesome !
Wonderful zooming .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
the two of us use it regularly .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
Everything about this computer is easy to use .
After paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
Worse , for the price I could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop !
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
I will only buy apple laptops from now on .
I would definitely suggest this laptop !
It did not have all the features I expected it to have .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
No luck , although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls ( difficult to believe ) .
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything .
5 ) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
All I can say is W-O-W .
I love this program , it is superior to windows movie maker .
Which is what I did , check out my ACER 5517 !
He has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks , and I am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
I have loved this since i took it out of the box .
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003 .
But , like I said before , the only reason I do n't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
Was very much worth the price i paid .
So far , so good .
Even out of warranty !
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
This is a great little computer for the price .
This comes in very handy for me as an educator .
Crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
It 's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
I was waiting for this model to be released since January , and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out .
I will never buy another HP computer .
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
You will regret it if you buy any dell .
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
It started out getting hot after only a few months .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac , but MS Office does n't even come with most pc laptops .
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad .
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more .
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
The computer is a dream come true .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
I 'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC .
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it .
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work .
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ 2
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
From the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
No tutorials on the display .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
The touch pad is among the best .
Very very disappointed !
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
I had to have these computers in my school .
Thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what I mean .
Again .
To this day , there are NONE .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
It 's now all commodity hardware .
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional , Windows 7 Home Premium , Windows Server Enterprise 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise .
I was so excited when my dad said i could get a new laptop for my birthday .
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired .
- They reported that the computer is in their headquarters .
bought notebook 07/2009 .
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
All of them were Windows machines .
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009 .
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC .
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back .
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro .
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
