I've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back.
PDF files can be viewed instantly.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro, which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro.
I've had a Toshiba laptop in the past;
  They removed them and returned the computer to me.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
Other than that I don't have one complaint in the world!
the speed is fine.
Also is portable and reliable.
I also wanted Windows 7, which this one has.
This is a great machine!
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.
The Awesomest of the awesomest.
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, because it is very sensitive.
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing.
It completely supports my home business and personal life.
  I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it.
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
It doesnt work worth a damn.
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
Sent unit back and it's been two months.
Images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode.
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
  I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
So happy with this purchase, I just wish it came with Microsoft Word.
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made.
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year.
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now.
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting.
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months.
Great, quick laptop for the money.
Not good for a person who gets online daily.
I have owned many computers and laptops.
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro, this thing holds its own.
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses!
The price and features more than met my needs.
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
Apple hit a home run here.
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
Shiny  This Laptop is the Best of the best!
Small and still VERY powerful.
This computer gets very hot, before shutting down.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
If you can afford a new laptop, and are in the market for one, of course, then definitely go for this.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
It can't get any better.
This is my first computer purchase
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.
Everything else just install and go.
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault.
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing;
My only disappointment with the 13" model is that they're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards, however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life (of about 2 more hours).
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.
Being a PC user for many years to switch to a Mac I will not go back.
Enough said.
Best Buy Rocks!
Still not bad for 220.00.
Get this instead, you won't be sorry.
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops.
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz.
At first when I got this product, I loved it.
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years.
Runs very smoothly.
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation.
I had less problems.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable.
Even if you don't do business, thats okay, it's incredibly fast.
Maybe it's Acer, maybe it's MSFT.
I hate it.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
The only thing I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long.
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL.
The display is awesome.
Very light and easily maneuverable.
After purchasing this thing, I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking.
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises.
Finally, I couldn't take it anymore and ordered my Apple.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
Super light, super sexy and everything just works.
I wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba, too.
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC.
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in.
I never tried any external mics with that iMac.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
  They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
Let me start with the good:So awesome.
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.
Quick and has built in virus control.
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet.
It really is perfect for work and play.
But I didn't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC.
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat.
The advantages of owning 'a 'mac are numerous.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
Really great...Well let me start at the beginning.
It was returned on the third day I owned it.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem.
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
One, owning a mac is essentially a full production studio (in the case of a mac book a portable version).
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times- sometimes too sensitive, and sometimes a bit unresponsive, but it's usable.
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
They definitely have a superior product!
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money.
tosiba has a good reputation, my llast computer was an acer.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $300 less (he got a pc).
WHEN TYPING, LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES.
Hopefully Amazon will take this back.
I love the keyboard.
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing.
Have used only Macs for years.
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon.
I did a review on it, its awesome.
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great!
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates.
It was always getting froze up.
There is nothing better.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great.
The only downfall is the volume control.
What can I say, It's an Apple.
Love that it doesn't take up space like a regular computer.
-Stay away from Apple, or hope you laptop does not break down.
I've only had it one day, but I really do love it and I'm happy it was economical and I'm finally able to own a Mac!
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service, on my Eee PC I get 3 bars.
I fell in love with it.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
I couldn't be more pleased.
I was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it.
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it.
But, for the cost this is a winner.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO!
  Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer.
I  asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches, dents  or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of  damage could happen.
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
We don't Mind and You don't Matter.
Couldn't have asked for more!
  even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine.
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems.
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts.
It has no camera but, I can always buy and install one easy.
I worked in IT retail sales before.
Received all four in good order;
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus.
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
We didn't because it was already over 2,400 dollars!
My son said it popped up and he clicked update.
I'm very impressed.
Yes, I have it on the highest available setting.
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
I've owned this labtop for less then two months, already the mouse button has broke.
I got the first "Blue screen of death" in the early part of July.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
-Apparently, contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints.
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.
I really wish I had done this years ago.
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something.
Enjoy using Microsoft Office!
-Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer.
Now, I guess, I'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor, hapless soul.
I had never owned a Mac before;
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
i try to use it today and I can't logon.
Thank you so much for the great item.
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
I use it now more than I even thought I would.
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba.
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.
I'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for.
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel.
You may just lose 1 customer for now.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK!
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it.
This comes in very handy for me as an educator.
YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET FOR.
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one.
Avoid this model.
-got it back 3 months later
Have returned that laptop unused.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
Moral of the story:-Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you can't understand what they are saying.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
I didn't like one thing about it.
I've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem.
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage.
We'll save our money to replace it with a Mac again!
They are about the same size keys.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
To this day, there are NONE.
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC!
I've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it's all about.
  i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck.
Mac is not made for gaming.
So, I must say I am not a happy camper.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so.
Added an iMac about 2 years later.
It just works flawlessly!
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying.
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC's this is a good foot in the door into mac.
  It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac.
And I can attach my projector to it.
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business.
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764.
In summary, take your money elsewhere.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
It is BLAZING fast!
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more...
If you already own a 2009, 2010, or early 2011 model, you should wait until the next update.
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person!
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures.
Very nice so far.
And if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no  forward delete  key.
Yeah, to you.
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas.
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer!
But you must get the 15 inch.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement.
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
Nothing wrong with this computer at all!
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key.
Well, maybe I was just very unlucky.
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors!!!!
Its worth every Penny.
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME!
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook, I have been very pleased with it, I have a laptob and a desktop.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Either way the entire thing was just a joke, a complete rip off!
When I got it, I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive.
it has had some problems.
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically.
It's a joke.
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
They're absolutely useless, unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
This was a gift for my grand son.
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.
Never been hacked.
No installation disk (DVD) is included.
While Apple's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products, and their support is great, it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium.
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing.
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
I love this piece of equipment, It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro.
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars!
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.
I have been a PC user since middle school, but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side, or should I say the brighter side of life.
Other Thoughts: Do not purchase this product.
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART, I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM.
I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago.
I love this 13" Mac white unibody.
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I'm doing now!
Fast, great visual!
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
They are closed at 9pm eastern.
Stay away from Envy.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.
If you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, I bought the white one from Best Buy.
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
The AC power port becomes loose over time
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
Posted Nov 8, 2010 - Two weeks ago I bought this notebook.
but in resume this computer rocks!
Boots up fast and runs great!
Note that I don't ordinarily take the time to write a review.
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing.
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised.
In short, you could say your mac could become your best friend (no intention of replacing Rover your dog).
Buy this.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too!
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it's better than ever.
Next, most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop.
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.
That's right, no power, absolutely NOTHING.
Well designed and fast.
The benefits were immediate!
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
  It is just slow slow slow.
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer!
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
This is what I call a good after sales service.
This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side.
Even out of warranty!
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
Finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.
2.The wireless card is low quality.
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
After 5 months of failed repairs, requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue.
I can do everything I could before, only faster and more efficiently.
Recommended to people as their first laptop.
I'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3  months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to  last).
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
Sorry, newegg.
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features.
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident (long story).
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS.
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
taking notes, research, an online class and such and didn't want to spend too much on my first machine.
It's A MAC!!
I loved it then, but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
And inconvenient!
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie!
So far, so good.
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go.
Though please note that sometimes it crashes, and the sound quality isnt superb.
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook, I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros.
Don't get me wrong, I am no Microsoft hater, I've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine.
  That was a big mistake.
I was so happy with my new Mac.
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC.
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop.
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming.
Nothing bad to say about it.
I can't imagine my life without it anymore!
Even set at the highest level, the computer sacrifices its  queen every time.
Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%.
  Only a few days after I received the computer back, the screen froze again.
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous.
?I am only interested in the 15.4  McBook Pro  Model # MD103LL/A
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
Shipped very quickly and safely.
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC.
I'm so disgusted that I wasted my money on this product.
I have no problems yet on my mac so far, and hope it stays like that.
All the above aside this machine ROCKS!
Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best!
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
My MacBook Pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
More relieved than anything.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend.
  So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped.
*=Webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.
Price and purpose is awesome!
If you have much higher expectations than that... I would look elsewhere.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
  It is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac.
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all.
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro.
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP.
It was over rated!
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
For me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it.
If someone called me an Apple Fanboy...it would make sense.
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive.
you will not regret it, promise you!
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect.
I should have bought one a long time ago.
They freeze all the time.
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases.
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it.
Now,,,,,my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
The computer blinks it shuts off at will.
Very fast for my needs.
Well, maybe more like week one.
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating.
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
I'm tired of the inept service.
I am a freelance graphic artist.
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7, then I will truly be a very happy geek.
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it.
Be safe buy a Sony.
This is my second MacBook.
1st hand experience is very important, especially for a new customer.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
  I was WRONG!
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus.
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
Apple did a great job.
I am not much of a computer techie, so I can understand some of the internal problems, though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program.
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest.
I should have sent it back to them then.
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed.
I love a "pc" but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.
Sad very SAD.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
The macbook pro is really responsive.
That includes transferring my music and movies.
They would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem.
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.
I would say that 85% of the design industry is Mac for good reason.
Its also FUN to use!
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
NO more Lenovo for me.
All for such a great price.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
Also stunning colors and speedy
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
Images are crisp and clean.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII.
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again.
I love everything about it.
Love it so far.
I love everything about this computer.
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop.
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it!
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class.
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro.
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb, 201
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything.
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
  Also, I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot, and not even sitting on anything to make it hot.
I'm glad it waited, this one is great.
While we struggle with all the crashes and viruses, the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for buisness!
  I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal!
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I won't have to worry about a crash.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion!
The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
the laptop preformed pretty well.
For example, when my husband turns the light out while I'm on the computer.
Good laptop for the money.
Which was way too much money.
I love the multi-touch trackpad.
I'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100% that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence.
This is what they told me: It heats up, and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops, and simply categorize them as portables.
It is a bit heavy.
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.
Time will tell.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
And it's so quiet that I don't hear it at all.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
I'm honestly afraid that it will burn me, it's that hot!
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook, just wasn't sure which one.
That defeated the whole point of a laptop.
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one.
  i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support, I was directed to send in my computer;
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days.
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
  Sony, Acer, Dell, Packard Bell and Toshiba.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.
Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3.
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
*3 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Visited MacHouse Amsterdam.
I am still in the process of learning about its features.
C'mon, LG.
Much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me.
Again.
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature.
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
Its a pretty decent computer.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
Most of them were either too big, too noisy and too slow after 2 years.
It's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem.
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
Now 17 months later they want (would not say exact amount) $165.00 to $400 to fix the machine.
A scratch on a $1,500 MacBook is unforgivable.
i love to use it it is esay and light.
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
Overall it's an amazing product, 5 stars!
this one, in my opinion, might be a lemon!
  It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars!
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.
this is starting off good.
Two of the times was in one month.
I did add a SSD drive and memory
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
This is a great little computer for the price.
I shipped out on Saturday, July 17.
It was hard to handle and operate at school.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down, this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I've used.
This laptop serves all my needs.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
I called back to ensure that received it, they had.
  We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer.
Screen is crystal clear, yes it's small - but it's a netbook!
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
Again, I sent it off to Acer, by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything, but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance.
I just love my Mac!
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO.
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems.
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion.
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
Good monitor and performed well.
I am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it.
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately.
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
It is also fast as can be... you get what you pay for... well worth the investment
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show.
Easy to set up and go!
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game.
Instead of taking another chance on Toshiba, I went with an Asus G73JH-x3.
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program.
very very slow laptop.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
I want the portability of a tablet, without the limitations of a tablet and that's where this laptop comes into play.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
Then just the other day, my left "mouse" button snapped!
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards, but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had.
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities.
All the yada-yada.
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute, but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card.
Because it IS a defective product.
In short I would never buy a Compaq again.
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas.
  This thing is a lemon.
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could.
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
It's fast, quiet, incredibly small and affordable compared to other Mac models.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing, all craziness may break loose.
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now.
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once.
My main reason to convert was the imovie program.
">  iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with: easy and convenient.
Mac computers automatically "defrag" each time you start your computer.
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
You'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one, but IMO NO STARS
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
  Gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes.
I love the Apple products.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems.
But until now, no complains at all.
Fine if you have a touch screen.
I'm Very disappointed in Dell.
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
-When battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair (26th of August).
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
This laptop is insane!!!
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job.
If that is the case, then I am completely happy
Very disappointed with Apple.
Runs smooth and quick.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
 Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing.
So honestly, I wasn't expecting anything less than perfection, and I wasn't disappointed.
The battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.
All in all, I'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop, and with HP as a whole.
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully.
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day.
They say sorry out of warranty.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
A great college tool!
I had to have these computers in my school.
The Toshiba Mini Notebook, Model NB 305-N410BL, is a great little computer.
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good.
I also own an HP notebook and it doesn't even come close.
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors.
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too!
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions, hope you have your own copies.
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using.
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state (or more often, another country).
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with.
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare, I'd buy the Pro line though, the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model.
Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different.
The speakers could have been better but it wasn't a deal breaker... this is a great little laptop... love it!
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP, but I use the touchpad 90% of the time.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
HP said I had done the damage.
I'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration.
Bottom line, I doubt you'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine.
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.
I can actually get work done with this MAC, and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
  I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
However, If I sound enthusiastic about this, I am!
I did not like my acer.
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal.
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
What a waste.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
I would never tell anyone to buy one either.
I burned my leg, after lifting it from my desk, and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table, so I can place it there.
Still pretty pricey, but I've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund, and finally got to use it.
It really is very light compared to other computers.
Battery life needs more life.
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook?
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
I am so happy to have purchased this computer.
No luck, although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and couldn't be happier with it 3 years later.
All I can say is I am impressed.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer.
Clearly, there is something wrong with the product and LG didn't take up the responsibility.
My MacBook is faster than any comparable PC.
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT.
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS!!!
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied.
it is the worst computer dell ever made.
The computer is a dream come true.
In the past few years, I've had terrible experiences with HP.
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done.
I am loyal to Apple.
You won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100% OF THE TIME.
and if u did.
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours.
Accordingly, I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product (my five year old Compaq) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed.
  When the computer has been on for several minutes, it will occasionaly just go off by itself.
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.
In all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me, they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me.
Well, I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC, but took the Apple to the conference.
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going.
This is my second laptop,and it is head and shoulders above my first.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
I like this machine because its very lightweight...
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini.
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!
This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super quiet and cool.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
It's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it.
  They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer, not  what I've done.
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
  This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling.
-I propose that they can just swap the hard drives.
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden.
He's thrilled with his new laptop.
Overall a nice computer.
I was waiting for this model to be released since January, and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out.
This was the second computer and brand bought that day.
Enabling the battery timer is useless.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch.
4gb of ram...
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would.
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall? Yeah, I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire.
So far, I have no complaints.
I made the right decision.
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again.
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
Highly recommended!
It easily fits into most computer bags but doesn't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks.
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did.
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell (not to say Dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint.
Like the price and operation.
Good computer and fast.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
I am very happy with my first Mac.
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
I like it!
BAck she goes!
Customization on mac is impossible.
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
As for the laptop, this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years.
Handles all my basic media needs easily.
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country.
I first purchased this Dell model "1764" on April 6, 201
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty.
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
As a user of a PC, I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself "Getting the job done quicker.
-they lost my laptop for a month
It is truly a Desktop Replacement.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro, and each have their own strengths and weaknesses.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7.
It was an all around waste of money for me.
Hope this helps!
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone.
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
Yes, he is a self professed "Mac snob.
No tutorials on the display.
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
Once you go Mac, you can't go back!
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control+alt+delete business anymore.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC!!
I am not sure if it was the drive itself, however;
This one has had the same effect.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me.
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling.
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned...
thanks for great service and shipping!
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
, which Apple doesn't offer, is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy.
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once, it never slows down.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks.
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!
I claim that this has no value to me, the laptop was new anyway.
Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
It is a big big, but since it has a 18.4" screen what would you expect!
The graphics are stunning.
At $1899 to start, this is no cheap machine.
If you have to ask you don't own a Mac and your just not in the know.
But then, something goes wrong.
  upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told, was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
Definitely worth spending the money on it.
User upgradeable RAM and HDD.
There are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but, I haven't seen them yet.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
-Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement, no answer.
I should have checked this before I installed my applications.
You will fall in love with it in no time.
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.
Purchased as a gift for a friend.
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues.
This machine rocks!
We were PC users.
  i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months.
It was secure and easy to navigate.
Dismantle the whole thing? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before.
It's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else.
Amazing Quality!
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue.
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell.
Heck, I like all Mac computers, but they're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through.
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
So needless to day, I'm not happy.
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it wouldn't have ANY problems.
  I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
Now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
Great wifi too.
So far so good with this laptop.
For some odd reasons the computer doesn't reconize the operation system.
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market.
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming, as I have a desktop rig for that reason.
The first one I had was a 2006 model, not the Pro.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
You won't be disappointed.
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review.
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.
its more like a snail crawl.
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
5) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
I use my friends and family's $2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP, well, I'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone!
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop.
I have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer.
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment.
$999.00 Tax free.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
Unfortunately, that is not the case.
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
might have to buy one for me now, since I use it all the time.
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time.
  I loved it.
I have used PC's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy.
  It lasted for many years of travel, kids and abuse and if I fired it up today, it would work.
What can I say.
  However the frozen screens kept happening.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate, I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook.
It out performs any other laptop on the market today.
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop.
The "abuse" is that I pushed the power plug in too hard.
Beta had better quality, but VHS became the industry standard.
It's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
Simply amazing computer!!
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense.
After using it for over a month, an issue started to surface.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
That seemed to solve the problem, till I wrote an article with semicolons in it.
  Stupidly, mind-numbingly slow--then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB *maximum*.
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop.
But if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat.
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom,,,about 4 inches across is hardly visible.
The internet speed is spectacular.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
  But I needed a laptop for school use.
*IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP, THIS IS NOT IT!
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if, since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it's "like new," I might have 8 months next time.
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now, maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer.
Now I could get myself a cheap computer, that will probably work a whole lot better!
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
the latest version does not have a disc drive.
Do not purchase this laptop.
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned.
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now, but keep in mind that Apple started it all.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
Very happy with my purchase.
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s.
These new problems were the final straws;
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop (my wife and I have another laptop), or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks.
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all.
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
I also liked the glass screen.
So, I thought why not give Mac Book pro a try.
Im very happy with this computer!
I'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect..i It is!!
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures.
  They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
I am loving the fast performance also.
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem.
Don't waste your money!
The difference is phenomenal.
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair.
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from!
The right speaker did not work.
Which it did not have, only 3 USB 2 ports.
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
It's fast at loading the internet.
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since "learning how to use it".
I now own another Hewlitt Packard.
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop.
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date.
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for.
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
I would buy this lap top over and over again!
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required.
The machine is speedy and efficient.
The configuration is perfect for my needs.
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife.
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it.
Nice packing.
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and I thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room;
so i called technical support.
The battery life was shorter than expected.
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot.
Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem.
I saw this one, and I have the most difficult time trying to use them, they've made great dust collectors, I hate putting this computer down
And that probably explains why I've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it.
I love this little one.
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic.
The last new mac I bought was in 1998.
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro!
only good thing is the graphics quality.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
Then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me.
I shopped around before buying.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
Ok, this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
It is extremely fast and very compact.
Nice screen, keyboard works great!
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me.
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it.
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio.
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs, but now that I have, I can't see myself going back to it.
There is no cd drive on the computer, which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd.
This is the third in a series of MacBooks starting with a Black MacBook.
its sad because their commercials are great.
It was weird.
With a healthy pessimism, I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw.
It was quite easy.
2) Blue screen first month
(I'm an excellent touch typist, and my hands are very sensitive, too.
That's a huge difference.
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop!
Guess I'll stay away from HP.
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try.
A lot of help they WEREN'T!
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
  After 4 days, being denied 6 times and told off once, I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt.
*2 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Called headquarters, they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is "on the top of the stack".
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine!
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
I left the place angrily.
I just hope this expensive laptop doesn't go dead like my friends...it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust.
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop.
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services.
If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one.
Great battery, speed, display.
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for).
I'd recommend this laptop to anyone!
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
System is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there.
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
Quality Display  I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
Do you ever think HP would do that? NEVER!
My laptop now has no battery.
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without.
You may need to special order a bag.
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
After doing CAD work all day at work, using a higher end PC, I couldn't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer.
It quit working within a weeks time.
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
For the same price, you get a lot more in the Asus....1920x1080 res.
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay, they are in no way comparable to the Mac.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
this is one of the reasons I purchased it.
I've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009.
Deal of the year.
I should have been more observant.
Instead, I'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy.
Its a dog plain and simple.
Speakers too small to be of any real use.
First of all, I've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years.
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
The performance is awesome.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful.
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection).
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been.
I'm stuck w/ a broken computer.
This unit is not.
The technical support was not helpful as well.
***The review below is no longer relevant, Apple has fixed the issue.
But in fact it is totally the opposite.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files.
  I took the laptop home and not even a month later, I began to have problems with it.
Overall, still a very nice machine.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING.
Very annoying.
It's very annoying.
I like the laptop overall.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
This was absolutely annoying!
You might think, I am new in this game, but I am a gadget lover, and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years, and none gets this hot, that fast.
Still haven't solved this.
Summary: After doing some investigation on the web, I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers).
Words cannot express how much I love my new Mac.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems.
It was definelty a smart move.
they have not sent a new one nor called.
This thing sucks!
System is running great.
The machine itself is alright.
Easy learning curve.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display.
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC (a Sony Vaio), but it was basically no better than my old PC, so I returned it.
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook!
To list a few: They tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns, as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up.
It was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.
That day!
Luckily, Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one, but instead I got a refund and bought a mac.
Fits all my personal needs.
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review.
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.
I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts.
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them "de-bugged".
The pictures are clear as can be.
They're not safe, they're not durable, they just a worthless.
Also, it hardly ever crashes.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
I am glad I did my research.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
!so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD !
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
The price is 200 dollars down.
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
I'm pretty sure when I bought it, my bank account went 'ouch!
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though.
There are so many things wrong with this product, it just makes me want to set my self on fire!
Needless to say, the leap from that to this has been amazing and (aside from the financial reasons) I am astounded that I hadn't made the switch sooner.
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop!
There is nothing to complain about the system.
Actually, I had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
Cons: Screen resolution.
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original Mac.
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
If you don't like fingerprints, this might not be the laptop for you.
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it.
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
Keyboard is reasonable size.
I respond that I do not have the old computer...
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
it was shooting sparks!
She told me flatly, "It's like that one.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
I switched to this because I wanted something different, even though I miss windows.
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.
I've always used PC's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac.
The battery is really long.
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks  indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the  repair done 5 times.
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
I just fell in love with this thing.
I've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it!
I bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out;
  I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart.
I will never purchase a HP again ever.
:-)If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco, returned it in santa maria, thinking it was just a problem with that computer.
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
It is so much easier to use
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
Despite the inconvenient weight, I opted for the 12 cell battery.
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC      When I first got this computer, it really rocked.
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back.
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro.....always!
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
It was at my door in less than 24 hours.
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions.
Those things are very important - vital even!
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro.
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
I am definitely sold, and not going back to PCs for home use!
I expected so as it's an Apple product, but I was glad to see my expectations exceeded, this is THE laptop to buy right now.
For me, five stars is not enough.
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it.
Finally, I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time.
It was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
Highly recommend for daily use.
All in all great item highly recommend it.
Great product.
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem.
I love it!
I am a wife, mom and a school teacher and a college student.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used.
Its pretty much fire it up and go.
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars.
We did not even have it a year.
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers.
I am very pleased with my purchase!
It runs perfectly.
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.
I've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.
So you out of of notebook and money.
It's fun to take to a bookstore, sit in the coffee shop area, sign in to WiFi and look up book reviews of books I might buy.
As it turns out, I just didn't know any better.
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
Love the speed, especially!
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
Obviously we both got new Macs.
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better.
If anything, I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to.
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
the apple pro notebook will not let you down.
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors.
I love the quick start up.
Before I got my macbook, I owned a Dell laptop.
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
The speakers on it are useless too.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
MACS ARE AMAZING!!!
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
However, this will be my last as well.
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there.
I have owned it only two months!
The computer did what it was NOT supposed to do, and I didn't know what to do....
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning.
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase.
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
Great Performance and Quality.
I Hate it!
Many thanks, Overstock.com.
It is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
Don't waste their money, save it and but a mac.
Would buy 100 more of these if I could.
This worked just fine.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
Excellent speed for processing data.
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend.
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product.
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
It came before the day it supposed to which is great.
The ease of use is wonderful.
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well, which is annoying.
Though you get a polite person, you often don t get a solution.
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did, and I have all of the programs that were on my PC.
HUGE Apple MAC Fan!
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.
I enjoy having apple products.
I waited and waited and no laptop.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable.
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here.
Everything is falling apart internally and externally.
It is fast and easy to use.
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it.
It's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
Built-in apps are purely amazing.
I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated.
I'm going to buy a logitevh c270.
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
I purchased two laptops (for my husband and 16 year old daughter).
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
That's how frustrating it was.
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC.
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it wasn't LIKE THAT.
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
My MacBook Pro is no exception.
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC's.
Maximum sound isn't nearly as loud as it should be.
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer I have ever owned.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive.
  I am stuck with a laptop that I cannot do very much with.
With no problems,  I'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else.
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it, I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use.
So this was great for me.
But the mountain lion is just too slow.
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it.
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists (a vice of which I am recently myself reformed) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs' at this point.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
This was around three years, maybe four years ago.
Newegg's RMA service was great as always, I contacted them late Friday night, and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday.
  There's literally no way to make it sing with Vista.
Oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.
The driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
The #1 reason that is always repeated.
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop.
But, like I said before, the only reason I don't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey.
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses, a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route.
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything, so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient.
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I'm happy I switched.
  Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
(I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $50) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple.
It was a Waste of money from day one!
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I'm really happy with the move.
  since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.
You can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish.
SO? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT? C'mon, I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling.
He LEFT ME, instructions on what to do when this comes up, or that comes up......
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
I do not know for sure.
You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device.
Great purchase and I definitely didn't miss out on the Black Friday deals.
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $50 for it.
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
he can't stand it.
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I've ever bought.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember.
I do not like too much Windows 8.
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best.
After 3 pleasant weeks of use, the laptop just died.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
Better stick with another brand.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern.
for 2 months.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
go for it!
  Before we got this laptop, had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems.
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
it's just a great toy to have around.
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts...
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student, so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also.
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town- lots of people, little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector, etc.
It's a nice little gadget.
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.
It's the most wonderful thing in the entire world.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
It did everything we expected!
Now I know!
It's a great product for a great price!
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture.
So I called, AGAIN.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
not something you want to miss out on!!!
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one.
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access.
  Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact, and I am certainly glad I did.
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics.
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time.
and then, a guy came out to serve me instead.
You just lose a customer.
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one.
was debating to buy one for months, checked out different stuff on youtube, and read different articles and debates,I just didnt really wanna spend the money but Im glad that I did.
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it.
Let's just get this out of the way, I love Apple!
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
To me it's a workhorse... and quiet as can be... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam... Definite Buy...
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased.
The specs are pretty good too.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
tons of bloatware and junk programs.
I had to return it because it wouldn't even start.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
I paid $800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
No laptop is perfect, but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you.
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
I can't even turn it off.
It's not a recommendation, it' a plea.
apple and quess what, you have to send the whole laptop in, too bad, so sad
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it didn't work.
On two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
The perfect notebook...
Now they are believers in the product.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
Love it.
Got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college.
I find it not to be very user friendly.
I went from BestBuy to Dell, Windows to Apple.
I would recommend this product.
After looking at all the pros and cons, I decided on the Macbook Pro.
But, Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy.
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.
I've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks, and it really is a great computer.
And this isn't just my one experine.
Will certainly use MacConnection again.
I was extremely happy with the OS itself.
It's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it's an investment and that it's gonna last you a long time.
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY.
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.
There has been no problem with anything.
The 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this!
  It's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them.
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
This mac has been a problem since we got it.
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP (what I thought was a reputable company) wouldn't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart.
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be.
Currently if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs.
It's all a bit magical.
Not to mention it has shit gigs.
Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes.
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).
I like the lighted screen at night.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
It has a very high performance, just for what I needed for.
I let my friend borrow it, and she knows nothing about computers, and she used it with ease.
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
They refuse.
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
at first!
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems.
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game.
It's so useable and responsive.
99 to  fix it.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small, portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so.
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny.
I am so addict to this laptop.
I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up
Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it.
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
One bad thing is it gets hot.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.
Okay, let's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy.
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email.
Of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card  unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it!
The Macbook pro's physical form is wonderful.
Do yourself a favor, this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware...
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
  Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one.
So I called Compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which I shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
The screen isn't huge, but that doesn't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV.
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
I fell in love with my machine, and it was pampered.
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions, this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer.
Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily.
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop.
That system is fixed.
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
The mouse is a little bit different than what you're used to though- it has one big flat panel and one full bar (instead of two separate ones) to click with- but you get used to it quite quickly.
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed.
  Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).
The price is great for this model, I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.
This machine delivers.
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied.
High price tag, however.
The minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak.
For the [$] price (special offer) this is a great laptop.
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it.
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon didn't have it yet.
and finally i realized that mac is the best.
Good luck.
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user, meaning I average about three "tabs".
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it.
Who makes a laptop that can't rest on your lap?
No I am generous calling it slow.
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone, then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip.
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals.
Well, I have to say since I bought my Mac, I won't ever go back to any Windows.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything.
-Bluetooth (2.1), Fingerprint Reader, Full 1920x1080 screen -Integrated Mic/Webcam* -Dual touchpad mode is interesting, and easy to use -5 USB ports -Runs about 38-41C on idle, Up to 65 (for me) on load -Very quiet -I could go on and on.
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design.
Don't buy this model.
*6th week*-They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit...
I will not be using that slot again.
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless.
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing.
  They said it was a computer error on this type of computer.
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.
However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST".
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.
It's face and depanable.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
Very powerful especially for the money.
I will never go back to Windows!
Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying.
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers.
I will also say it is much better than I expected!
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro.
Being a tech savvy, APPLE - product loving person, I'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro!
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.
I am a college student and it has been very useful.
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet!
 A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
I would not recommend this product to anyone.
it was a tough choice.
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
Now, the next issue I had freaked me out.
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
 THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb.
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
I have loved this since i took it out of the box.
and looks very sexyy:D  really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.
  My favorite by far, although the most expensive, was my Sony.
I've almost have bought every generation of MacMinis since 2005, and this one hasn't let me down.
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast, I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point.
Didn't expect to repair it at once!
Where you click and hold and drag it picture, link, etc to where you want it.
It is so great, I can Hardly ever take my hands off it!
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
I was very worried about making the two compatible- but literally, it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong.
  three years is a decent life, but this must make it to graduation and beyond.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation.
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan.
Sorry Toshiba, but 1st impressions do count for something.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded.
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it fine to work with.
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was.
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it.
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade!
I would definitely suggest this laptop!
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard, which I miss on my Apple laptops.
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there.
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine.
Besides being elegant, the MacBooks are durable.
I might have read it incorrectly, but better safe than sorry right?
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
He came into my house, fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it.
I use that alot on my desktop, so I am adjusting to not having it.
The reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my Documents folder.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
I can never go back to a PC now, this machine never freezes or has any problems.
Satisfy what I paid for it.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
  The computer is so slow, even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
Keyboard responds well to presses.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
When my Dell laptop gave up only after 2 1/2 years, I decided to buy MacBook Pro.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack.
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac.
Yeah, it's super expensive.
This is the first macbook I have ever had.
It's small but powerful, light but strong, elegant and beautiful... In resume: it's a Mac!
For this purpose, it's great.
Needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is less than useless!
  Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school.
They break down just as often as PCs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a Mac, they don't exist.
I was said it's videocard.
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro.
However, this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it.
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store.
Two, owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
It is held in place magnetically.
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present.
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new.
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.
I don't have that additional money right now, and therefore wouldn't have purchased it at this time.
I took it back for a full refund.
  The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating, even if on for less than an hour!
I really like the size and I'm a fan of the ACERS.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
When calling Dell for help, reurn, or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
again this is just my personal honest opinion.
  The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $250 loss.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was.
Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
Ok first.
Just a bunch of idiots who's English as a 5th language is forced at best.
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "Senior Tech".
The bottom-line is that this laptop just isn't worth it.
I complain again...
This mouse is terrific.
Mom, Dad, Brother, sister, You name it!
Very very disappointed!
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months!
I've only had mine a day but I'm already used to it...
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop (and have the money) don't exclude looking at the MBPs.
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones.
Or the cursor would show up some place else.
  I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!
I don't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio.
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
After the first few months, the computer started crashing about every week.
It WORKS!
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7.
dell is a decently made pc.
just chill and enjoy.
  Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
So, owing to these problems, I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro, which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment.
It turned out it's not really a problem to have a Mac.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
Laptop was in new condition and operational, but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
its as advertised on here..... it works great and is not a waste of money!
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name.
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini.
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this "never" happen...
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours.
This machine was a horrible experience.
  after trying to get some help he disconnected on me.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
Buy the Mac Mini it's a terribly great machine.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better.
Gave phonenumber.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
Took a while to clean it up to my specs.
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin (it happened 7 months ago) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig (you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich, offer a loyal customer like me, a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this).
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there's nothing like a Mac.
  And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
The keyboard is too slick.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
Haven't regretted it one bit.
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products.
I have nothing to regret from this new product.
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC's.
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one.
This computer is absolutely AMAZING!!!
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling.
Thank God for "ctrl Z"Bottom line, I've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there.
Before i bought my new i5, I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability, dependable, and long lasting operations.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
   I'm a professional consultant, and a client needed work on her machine.
It's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
I will only buy apple laptops from now on.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs.
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great.
I tell everyone that I know, friends, family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
 One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
My last laptop was a 17" ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago.
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it.
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27" iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers.
  The problems started with just the screen freezing.
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked.
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class.
  also the battery is completely shot.
By the way teachers, they offer a discount which helps!
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though.
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
So this review might be a tad bit bias.
But if you are in the computer field you probably wouldn't be here.
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing, which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion.
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up.
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags, hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea.
I love this computer.
If so, you may be having similar problems.
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE.
Took that one home, same thing.
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops.
Apparently they're not special anymore .
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology, downloading pictures and graphic design.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
My computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.
The device speaks about it self.
it is really expensive though.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player.
Nothing about it that i don't love, apple always makes a great product.
Perfect trifecta!
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me.
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I can't imagine ever going back.
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
They have more problems then a 1980's computer.
I brought this laptop last friday, and originally it worked fantastic.
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops, and they have been outstanding, including this one.
The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem.
We are addicted to the Mac.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations.
Very happy.
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
excellent in every way.
I am a full Mac convert now.
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use.
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all.
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it.
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in (battle of the Smithsonian) After on Hour mine was at 53% life left and his was at 69% life left.
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary.
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
It is super easy to use.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
great battery life.
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
Yet, HP won't do anything about the problem.
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst.
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.
It has worked fine.
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed.
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
This is definitely a computer worth the money;
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs.
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
Sound card is limited though.
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.
A couple things you should know:
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right.
Looking online, many people are having the same problem.
  This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.
It is a REAL touchpad, not the toy I saw in other brands.
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months.
I love my macbook pro!
  I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.
-Complied to their protocol, called number, made "case", got an email address to send complaint.
Perfect--thanks so.
CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy.
(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done.
It is very well built.
I got it for Christmas, and I was so excited to set it up!
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.
  When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it.
I will never buy anything from HP again!
what an elegant, wonderful machine.
When I turned it on, nothing.
It's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small.
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
GREAT INVESTMENT!
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most.
-Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam.
Three weeks after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
Enough said.
One of them seems to have worked.
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!
Good price.
The sound is nice and loud; I don't have any problems with hearing anything.
  Unless you don't care how long it takes to get going, find something else.
3) Horrible customer support
My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should.
So you might ask, what did Apple do for me?
was a great deal i will give that.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access;
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE!!!
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
The keyboard is top notch.
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.
The battery life is also relatively good.
I waited another month for approval and for them to "BUILD" me a new laptop.
I just can't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs.
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key.
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch.
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on.
All was well.
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
" For one, I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds.
Kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop.
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
It's A MAC!!
Not super fancy, but not super expensive either.
Asked the customer service rep.
  The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop, before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved.
So it was only about 2 weeks ago.
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop
They are simpler to use.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
During that time, I had to send it back 3 times.
I had gotten this model for  $1199.00 on my State's tax-free weekend and had a $100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy!
Each time taking about 1 day or so.
And in 6 months, there have been no freezing up and no blue, purple, black or any other type of screen.
If that is the case for you, I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases.
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk....this is in an un-air conditioned room.....in air condition it gets slightly warm......
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it.
I can see why the have soooo much money.
my information was all lost (my fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac, the paragon of all computers!
It is easy to find documents, and keep them in one area.
It makes a great gift.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
The letter A stopped working after the first week.
What's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision.
This is by far thee best, most reliable computer I could find.
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago!
Just a month and a half or two months ago, my VAIO crashed again.
Not working = bad
I realize that not every unit has this issue, but the ones that do cannot be repaired.
I will be patient for few months.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs, so don't go and pay for them, just ask for them and they should give them to you.
They are not.
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
I now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop.
They were great in handling this problem, and I'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future.
I'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.
So not having my laptop was discouraging.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
It all just makes sense.
It works great and I am so happy I bought it.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
My problem was with DELL Customer Service.
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.
I wasn't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed.
I cannot even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer.
I liked the aluminum body.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze.
Runs good and does the job, can't complain about that!
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.
The product is prefect for everyone.
Buy this if you like being tortured, teased, frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac.
I have had a Mac for 6 years and won't go back to PC.
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key.
Its still going.
  After that the said it was under warranty.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made.
But I'm still learning so can't rate it yet for everything.
Games being the main issue.
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it.
It has everything you need to get the job done.
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro.
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
I did not have to call the support line at all.
   It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased.
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER--------LOU
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up.
So don't get it.
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour....
I'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
May be better for the occasional web surfer.
-4 RAM slots, 2 HDD Bays*, 16GB RAM support -No Wireless Issues, at least for me.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
I would  say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful.
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
  I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there.
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs, when they are available since I asked.
I like the brightness and adjustments.
It is as good as new.
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete.
BTW, I checked online regarding the old laptop that 'died' and found that I was not alone, far from it.
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising.
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not.
I Contacted HP  about this situation and was given excuses, without results.
Thanks, MacConnection, for making this a seamless purchase!
  I was very excited because this was my first personal computer and I was purchasing it with my OWN money I had recieved from graduation presents.
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
  Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $962 :).
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac.
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.
They replaced it and so far so good.
Loaded with bloatware.
The Macbooks worth every penny.
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity.
I Love my new computer!
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment.
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
All in all, a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service.
I'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you's.
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.
I blame the Mac OS.
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini!!!
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.
The graphics are great.
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair.
Buyer Beware.
I'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC!!!
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP.
The computer would not ever cut back on.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy.
Considering another computer should be out of the question
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
I went with him and we picked this one.
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem.
Actually, I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC.
It is everything that I would want in a computer.
  They informed me that I had around 7 "policies" or viruses on it.
Unfortunately, the laptop I purchased was also a Dell and again, I have to say i hated it.
The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price, but totally worth it for a good piece of mind.
Take the simple, easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.
Best money I ever spent.
It has happened again and I'm being told that it's $175.
He has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine, and any connections I turn on should work.
The acer one compuer is a great computer.
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
i would never go back any more, i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone.
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to's is the best.
Then to make matters worst, there is noone that they can transfer you to.
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like I will have to as well.
Winters is on it's way and I imagine it will be cozy.
Stay away from HP.
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself.
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop.
The built quality is really good, I was so Happy and excited about this Product.
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes.
Macs are designed for the "frontal lobe challenged" people out there.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
The baterry is very longer.
Maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
Great laptop that offers many great features!
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
Well, I started using Google Chrome, which is a little better, but it freezes too sometimes.
The battery is not as shown in the product photos.
We carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the LCD just "slide" downwards.
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues!
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is  DESIGNED  to fail !
I ordered four D620 laptops.
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air.
The computer was delivered as promised.
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
defective software.
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook, I decided to go to Dell's website and update it.
The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro  Model # MD101LL/A.
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09.
I bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around.
  My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
HP said it was out of warranty.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying.
Keyboard could use some trimming.
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!
I love the form factor.
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.
They are so realistic I am just speechless.
Still trying to learn how to use it.
You know what? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago.
I absolutely love my mac!
The ultimate graduation gift.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
So far, so good!
I wanted it for it's mobility and man, this little bad boy is very nice.
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone, but this Netbook was a very poor computer.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
i'm returning mine
So I'd pop them off to see what the problem was, well guess what? The darn thing wouldn't go back on.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
It is very durable, I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet.
Every single one we've gotten we've had problems with.
It's outstanding too.
Despite the plethora of problems, I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years.
Other Thoughts: Received replacement 16 Days later.
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.
The touch pad is among the best.
You can't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with.
This one still has the CD slot.
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I didn't like the trackpad.
It may take a little getting used to but you don't have to worry about viruses or other headaches.
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time.
Since I never really got to use this, I can't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them.
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought.
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine.
Thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what I mean.
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
It is SO much fun to play with.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.
 Went silently.
I have never had it crash, randomly turn off,
I love this laptop, and use it everyday to do something, and never lets me down.
I saved about $100 plus tax ordering on Amazon and since I have prime, it arrived overnight for just $3.99 more.
We both recently got new laptops.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops, it is worth the price.
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke.
Memory is upgradable.
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!
The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
Wonderful zooming.
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.
It's solid.
(I definatly can't).
It's fast, light, and simple to use.
It's the mid 2012 version.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
The new os is great on my macbook pro!
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself, with help of friends, and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it.
I love the glass touchpad.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
Seems a much more economical way to get into Apple than their other computers.
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
After much battling with HP i was able to return it 4 times for repairs.
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options.
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
I am not happy with my purchase
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it.
The computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening Word or My Computer.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort, which was a problem for most pc's unless you had a quad core I7.
I highly recommend that you buy this product.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children.
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition.
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates.
This is a great computer.
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first.
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
It's light and easy to transport.
I practically have a new laptop with all the "fixes" they have done!
for two months, when YOU GUESSED IT.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior.
This little netboook is helping me get work done!
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky!!
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead....a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it.
I hate it!
Needless to say, not to happy with the product.
First things first, Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.
Seems to me that's the best way to get Apple's attention.
No complaints for an Apple product.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs.
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open.
  The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.
This machine is A-mazing.
-They reported that the computer is in their headquarters.
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer.
It has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs.
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
So I got another netbook which I love!
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC!
This is my first LG product.
I wanted to spend around $700 to $800 so I was directed to a nice looking HP Laptop.
It's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it.
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on.
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights.
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also!
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through.
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.
But for now, this laptop is still a workhorse.
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
I had to call Apple 19 times (each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times.
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe wouldn't work.
Awesome graphics!
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing.
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, I broke down and spent another $100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac.
I had to pay for the shipping!
So noise is reduced at least 50% and the heat is much better, now it doesn't feel hot but warm.
The OS is great.
Mac tutorials do help.
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
GET THIS MACHINE
The display is beyond horrible.
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it...
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
Going to bring it to service today.
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas.
So, if you're thinking of a laptop, I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook for all your needs!
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5.
  Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
  The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind, and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school.
Buyers beware.
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on.
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.
-I propose that I can just swap the hard drives.
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
Does everything I need it to, has a wonderful battery life and I couldn't be happier.
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
This is the first laptop I've owned, althougth I used several at my previous job.
While many people brag about Mac being "intuitive", it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC, but once I got the hang of it, I don't want to go back.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
Do you think I purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that I can demand a new set? Do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? Or rather NO solution.
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old.
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs.
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze, and organizing them by place, time taken, or sending them to an online print shop, or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc, is not hard at all.
I think this computer is super lame.
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift, and i'm totally (almost kind of maybe definitely) obsessed with it.
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark.
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop.
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
At first, I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system.
So far, it's an average laptop - no better, no worse than the HP I replaced.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
All of them were Windows machines.
Just don't waste your time and money on this.
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at, I think there's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs.
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin!
I have an iPhone, and iPad, so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD.
Such as PAGES, NUMBERS, and so on.
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn't require a dedicated video card.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me.
  They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now.
(3DMARK6 score is only 8500).
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
Great deal on an amazing lap top!
The Mini's body hasn't changed since late 2010- and for a good reason.
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty.
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
All the problems I have had with PC's are solved with a Mac: the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off, and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it, with no inexpensive way of fixing it.
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life.
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
At first it's like you're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop.
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems.
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac.
  luckly i had a student task force able to help, or else it would have crashed within the first year.
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived.
I don't do any high tech stuff on it, just write papers, check mail, and sometimes play games, so I can't reccomend it if you are in the computer field.
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $1000
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
I will not buy another one.
breaks easily.
Just what the doctor ordered.
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
They offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like Toshiba.
Set up was a breeze.
Came fully loaded - good.
i love ths notebook.
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
That being said, it still runs video in full screen decently.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
Overall, this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase!
I stayed up half the night enjoying my new MacBook Pro.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
We haven't had any problems with it at all.
Its perfect, not much heavy.
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room.
I never have had a good result with this computer.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well.
The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.
I will never go back to a PC again!
I do not plan on going back.
However, a NETBOOK will be a different story.
So you don't get frustrated the first few weeks.
  i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
It's also very energy efficient, running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
i asked many people, search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy.
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
When i finally held it in my hands i kissed it, yes i did.
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it!
Apple "Help" is a mixed bag.
This just keeps having it's hard drive replaced!
It doesn't bother me though.
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop.
I bought it for college and so far it's amazing!
So much faster and sleeker looking.
This laptop does everything I need it to very well.
See retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop.
I called apple and no solution.
The book is useless.
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me.
They aren't worth the money, even though they are on the cheap side, laptop speaking.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
  I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
but it came back in even worse shape.
another satisfied customer.
Couldn't keep a page up you were working on!
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
Apple care included.
Garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it!
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop.
Even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.
Typically, when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience.
They don't crash.
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good.
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
I'm done with WinDoze computers.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems.
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
UPDATE: Two years after buying this laptop, I am now the proud owner of a lemon.
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone.
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
  Acer won't replace the laptop.
There were small problems with Mac office.
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever.
After they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(since they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it wouldn't be covered.
I already own an iPhone, and so the move just made more sense.
Please, anyone who is considering getting this computer, stop.
been a PC user for many, many years.
I've owned every "Pro" model Apple laptop for the last 8 years, this is BY FAR the WORST one I've ever had.
I'll wait and save up for a new one.
Bottom line, if you can afford it, get a Mac!
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
     First it burned or fused the power adapter plug.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
My HP is very heavy.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
Cost is more as compared to other brands.
Not a scratch or mark on it.
They don't seem to be susceptible to viruses, which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers.
I think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90's.
This laptop is a great buy.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008.
From the get-go, the M6809 was unsteady in its operation;
Also, I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).
It seems to be incompatible with everything else.
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC, but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use.
I take it everywhere with me because it's so easy to carry.
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I don't really think that is what this computer is designed for.
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused.
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer.
  Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
That's quite a bump up from the $599 that this little guy sells for, which leaves me to my next point.
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit.
Basic computer.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive.
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
All you get is a box and a computer.
10/10 five stars would recommend.
It s heavy for Mac book but is good.
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon!
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
I think it was seventy nine plus tax.
I love it so much.
But I was wrong.
Fast, fast and fast, the web pages just fly by.
Would do business again.
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level, I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop.
I'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up.
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles.
Logic board utterly fried, cried, and laid down and died.
  English must have been his third or fourth language.
No temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset"-Inquired status of repair.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
The Apple will run Internet Explorer, but at an amazingly slow rate.
We now own two of these, identical.
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication, HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note.
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.
Excellent product for the money.
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it.
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer….
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
  By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf!
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one, if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells.
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school.
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
I couldn't afford a new mac, so I bought a PC instead.
  I took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their Geek Squad headquarters.
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
Solution: it turned out to be pretty simple.
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail)
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
I needed a new computer for graduate school (had never owned a laptop before), and the only reason I didn't purchase a Mac was because my school's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs.
I think that they are the best out on the market.
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66GHz 15" Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go.
Even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued, apparently because of known motherboard problems.
I've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i don't regret buying it.
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping.
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
Much of which HP ended up paying for.
My wife also has problems with her Asus - different model.
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models.
 I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.
I had read online that some users were having sound problems.
HELP, HELP, OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER.
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years.
It did not have all the features I expected it to have.
Oh, boy!
I will never buy another HP computer.
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it.
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time.
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.
  Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
This was a great deal for a decked out MacBook Pro.
  Now, as easy as it is to use, and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop.
I LOVE it!
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
Its a good laptop for its value.
Save your money and go for a better device.
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that's standard size.
First of all, they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I'd paid almost $400 for, and I had to call in, spend hours on their online chat service, and fax in multiple documents.
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.
I don't want to RUN a computer; I want to USE a computer.
It's ok but doesn't have a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
Do not  buy it!
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy.
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
Honestly, I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for!
You better believe my next computer will be a MAC!
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
So if you move laptop a lot, it might get loose, however it sits pretty tightly.
Not too much "junk" software to remove.
Of course, eMachines cannot be made entirely to blame for this computer's woes;
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.
I also bought one for my wife, and 3 for my office.
Honestly, I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
mac is extremely different than any other laptop.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
Treat yourself to a more expensive, long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony, Apple, or Toshiba.
  Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.
  Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted, but I didn't realize at the time it would be such a monster!
Screen is bright and gorgeous.
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper, quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue.
Why not 5 stars?
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
It doesn't heat up like my old laptop.
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it.
Can't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me.
If you get a lemon (I have two thirds of my  Macs), you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it, even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers.
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it won't even be dead.
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i've had it.
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me.
This computer is the ideal college companion.
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
They say it could be the motherboard again, but Dell
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.
In fact, he said, about 10% of their products fail.
compresses itself and you can't use it.
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience.
Then it ceased charging at all.
Exactly that, users.
They discovered the manufacturer's defect and sent it in for repair.
I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future.
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs, but he thinks it is worth every penny.
Emachines says they're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit.
Probably won't work either.
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash.
My bag just got a little lighter.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser.
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
But to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time.
Not even safe mode boots.
It freezes, and it always shows that there is an error, so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.
Everything was so easy.
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one.
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it.
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
Right size and weight for portability.
It is known as Safari, and if you are doing any website work, you should know that many hosting companies do not support it.
Buy it, love it, and I promise you won't regret it.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
Do you think the shop will give me a new set?? It will NOT!
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes.
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.
You will regret it if you buy any dell.
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
The battery has never worked well.
*5 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer.
They also use two totally different operating systems.
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands.
do not buy you will be disappointed.
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college.
The machine is used, but is like new, i'm very impress.
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.
(No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way.
Still, this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work.
In the three years I've had my MacBook Pro, I have never had a virus on my computer, and I do a lot of work on the internet.
It was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.
Received the product promptly and without any issues.
the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
I did a lot of research and ended up thinking this Toshiba was the best one for me.
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer wouldn't go onto our wireless network and I wouldn't have the same problems because it was updated.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
It has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
Best commuter I have ever owned.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
It bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic Chrome.
So in late March, early April 2009 I was without it again for a couple weeks while I had online courses I had to complete and my fiance was in Afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had.
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
The feature are good enough for what I need.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
NOT WITH APPLE.
i had to return it for a replacement.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.
I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer.
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness!
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing.
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
The screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro.
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice.
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I wasn't too worried about getting a virus, plus I thought I was protected by Norton.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
With what I do know how to do, the computer works beautiful.
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and this makes it so easy.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
Overall, it's ok.
  while it was barely a bargin in the begining, i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others.
It's also fairly easy to use the Operating System.
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer.
Just be careful; you always have to give up some good stuff for others.
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included!
This computer was awful, I would never recomend it to another person.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund.
It's catatonic.
"  I've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT.
User friendly, fast and high tech  It is amazing!
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing.
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
  After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC.
Not easy to carry.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP, I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me.
I had a toshiba for 10 years.
It is meant to be PORTABLE.
Took it back as it was defective.
I have a lapdesk which I can use, but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic.
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes.
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
The "Time remaining" goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes.
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi.
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket!
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.
ive never had a problem with it!
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.
It is robust, with a friendly use as all Apple products.
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags.
Probbly the worst decision we ever made!
It is the best laptop ever!!!
  I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap.
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing?  So, I said I wanted a new set.
I was starting to boil.
" This isn't a big deal, I haven't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media, only through USB output.
No Viruses!
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak, there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world.
Originally bought it for my wife.
The price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.
-They say it will take "up to two weeks".
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer.
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
The battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.
I hope this review helps.
The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
-Called headquarters again, they report that TFT panel is broken, should be fixed by the end of the week (week 3).
It shouldn't happen like that, I don't have any design app open or anything.
Registration/1st use is easy.
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
After years of using PCs, a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer.
I have had another Mac, but it got slow due to an older operating system.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
Few viruses to catch;
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
My smart phone is faster!
It crashes, and when it goes flat, it just DIES (like a PC, maybe worse) and I loose all my open documents!
The price is higher than most lab top out there; however, he/she will get what they paid for, which is a great computer.
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.
My children won't even use it  for their school work.
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
Summary: HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it.
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production.
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE.
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
Eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless I had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.
I am taking back today.
I would buy it again in a heartbeat!
  Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
  Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!
i would have to say that overall its great!
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what? They fixed it, no cost out of pocket.
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.
I've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye'd the computer when I took it out of my bag.
I don't have any technical pearls to share.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
But, I would recommend this product.
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason.
Although my model was listed as recalled, HP denied my claim.
And I'm still paying the bloody financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three years !
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.
Overall very impressed, Thank you Apple and Amazon!
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
I will NEVER buy (Refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is.
So a couple of years later, I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet.
The screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
And windows 7 works like a charm.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
It cannot save the correct date and time I set.
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up!
My kids (and dogs) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them.
(For those old enough to remember, it is similar to Beta versus VHS.
Then only FOUR months later, my great MacBook pro FAILED.
All I can say is W-O-W.
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day, 4-6 days a week.
Good luck with your purchase options.
  the battery is irreplaceable.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly.
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac, you will not be sorry at all!!
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.
I highly recommend this product!
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
This mac is great!
I think that was a great decision to buy
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
LOVE IT I've always been an apple fan boy, but never had the money to buy a mac, only ipads and iphones, and this is my first mac, blew me away completely.
I thought it would be a simple job.
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook.
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive.
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year.
Well, they don't care a bunch.
First, you ll discover that the word processing program known as  Appleworks  rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.
Just a black screen!
EITHER WAY, THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY.
I can do pretty much 75% of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table.
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
Graphics are much improved.
Also, macbooks come with much more features which are so cool!
Ive had to call tech support many times.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
and the speakers is the worst ever.
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little, while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it.
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
Very small and portable I've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It's better than expected.
It took so much time.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
Not sure on Windows 8.
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back.
Honestly, this is absolutely wonderful.
Also, the extended warranty was a problem.
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop.
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 (with harman/kardon speakers!) in December of 2005.
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
I do not recommend this company or their products!!!!
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was.
big mistake!
I just got this laptop for college, and so far I am very happy with it.
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well!
She said its very user friendly.
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import.
And, if you are going to deal with HP be careful.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.
But the Macbook is the best!
The Notebook PC,Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
I took it home and within 30 min, it was freezing up and did the "blue screen of death".
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.
Steve Jobs, probably needs help and donations, and cannot afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby.
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.