despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
the image quality is excellent .
excellent idea !
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) .
because this camera is beautiful .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture .
buy this camera and savour it .
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
what a disappointment !
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
i 've been using it for about 3 months now .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
my brother bought an ipod this past summer and my dad bought the original zen around the same time ..
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
i 'd look elsewhere .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
i give it 10 stars !
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
this thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod .
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
so i was all excited about the ipod but then the day before i went to best buy to check out the other mp3 players and i came across this one .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity .
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
spend the money its well worth it .
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
that is where my satisfaction ends .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
the battery life on this phone is surreal .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it 's there & installs the drivers .
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
they sent me a new ad2600 with the same problem .
if you have any doubts about this player , well do n't .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
software - the software is crap .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual .
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
well to say , i had a very bad history with players .
10 great price for all the features .
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
that is a very nice feature .
that 's the first thing to understand .
many before me have done that already .
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent .
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can 't comment on any problems there .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
no complaints there .
battery life :
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . "
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .
i listened to it for several days before needing to recharge them .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
by what time standards -- martian ?
other than that this thing is great ...
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe .
i do n't really like bounce .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten my phone ...
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately .
the vibration is not top .
the nomad is only sligtly larger than an ipod .
i have a dvd burner .
interface - practically seamless .
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
i got my camera three days back , and although i had some experience with digital cameras prior to purchasing this one , i still rate myself as a beginner .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
if you want to listen to tunes while you travel , i 'd get a hard drive because you can put so much on the thing - including audio books .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
if the hard drive on your computer should fail , better have your music backed up somewhere or its gone !
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
very bad quality .
i simply love this feature .
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
the included earbuds were uncomfortable .uncomfortable -1
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ).
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
gee ... thanks a lot creative .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
again , you can change this , but it 's harder to spot a minor variation in the title when you do n't have the title of the other disk in front of you .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
pro : 1 .
i was getting so sick of my old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along .
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
no one told me , but i wanted to tell you .
5 hours max. i did it like this
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
do not buy this product --
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it .
honestly , i love this player .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife .
but the earbuds suck !
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can 't say much about the motorolla .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
although you may think you 're dealing with amazon , you 're dealing with some second rate store that you 've never heard of .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player .. .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
third party software to the rescue
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .
got way too many blurry pictures .
its really cool .
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
definetely a great camera .
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
it 's not a big deal for me .
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
i love this camera .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
overall i like the unit .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
it worked good for a while .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
guess where this unit is headed ?
the title says it all ...
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
in all a winning combination .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
lastly , you cannot manage anything on the ipod itself .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
want the laundry list of reasons why ?
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res. , with good resolution .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
ipod can be used as an external disk , and apparently stores files without problem .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
i can 't comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
i ordered two of these puppies for christmas gifts .
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
it says i have a harddisk problem .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
this puts the zen in line with players like the rca jukebox and the whole line of archos players ( the newer ones are a bit better than the original archos jukeboxes ... but i popped out the drive in my 20 gig jukebox recorder and put in a 60 gig drive and use it exclusively as a powered portable usb 2.0 drive ).
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
- very long-lasting battery life
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
ipod has no stop button ; when new users mention this ipod veterans call it " unnecessary " and " so 20th century " .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? )
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
i bought this dvd player mainly because my old sharp dvd player could not play most of the dvds from the store that i rent from and i had to watch them using my pc 's dvd-rom player .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
the door would not close .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor !
a sliding old fashioned volume knob would also have been easier than the digital version that was included .
what the heck is up with the 2600 .
the distortion is not a flaw .
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make .
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery .
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
great price .
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
crappy headphones .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ).
so how can i do that ... are n't that free for two after the rebates .
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .
i was , however .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
perhaps there is a way around this delay .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
so , if you read the instructions well , you should n't have any problems with this dvd unit .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
the player : it 's silver .
hopefully you wo n't regret .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
no big deal for the size . .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at&t , go with the other carriers .
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .
but canon never fails to amaze .
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
( my orignal review is below : )
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
however , it did motivate me to find a work-around solution .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
i do n't think i was asking too much .
it also has unproven battery life .
- you just have to buy a new player .
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
scroll bar :
i like the speakphone function a lot .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
third , the poor design continues with the case .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !
there are a lot of things i like about it .
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
you would then have a phone number in that country and not have to pay for international roaming in that country .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
2 ) storage capacity
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables .
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
song transfers were not an issue .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
i can 't believe people continue to pay those prices .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
so buy the g3 .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
and then it breaks .
that player is a complete piece of sh ***.
it always pays off .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
if these otherwise minor issues can be fixed , i would rate this a 5 star machine .
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in .
plays them all .
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register it .
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
i have not used the progressive scan feature .
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .
the movie mode is also working great .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo .. .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
go for it ...
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic .
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
i purchased a jukebox 3 from creative almost a year ago .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
it was not easy sharing one with my teen age kid .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
i love this player .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
after investigating a multitude of player options , i asked for and received the 60 gb zen xtra for christmas .
i have tried the belkin tunecast mobile fm transmitter but found there was too much interference .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds !
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely .
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
i can only hear the sound .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
it 's no problem for me personally .
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
back to the 2600 :
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ).
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can 't .
that was n't pretty .
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about .
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com !
and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
i ordered 2 .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
signal strength will affect the battery life .
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
look / design :
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
- no propietary headset jack
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ).
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
is this how nokia subsidizes their free pc software ?
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .
great job canon !
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
i cannot stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that .
warning - i did read the manual !
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files .
door broke after a month .
the price / performance looked just right .
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
if t-mobile does not offer such a phone most likely i will get the t610 .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
so far not going to get a good review .
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax .
they look fantastic .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
i will never buy another apex digital product !
the nikon 's are great cameras .
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
i was so excited about the price and reviews of this dvd player .
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
that 's been my experience .
my girlfriend is paranoid when i am not around her and i just take a pic and send it to her on the spot so she can regain her sanity .
5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible .
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .
it happened to me once .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
its quiet .
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .
again , the ipod is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
this is pretty cool .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
i am very pleased with it so far .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
it would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
overall i think that you need to consider what you wan't to do .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
the sound from the player is ok .
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
of course you do !
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name .
i find this to be a great feature .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel .
this is especially useful for those who listen mostly to pop music and store all those short ditties .
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .
this camera has a major design flaw .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily .
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
the case had ad2600 .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
- the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
hopefully you still have the remote control .
that meant even less light and just as much action .
ok , im writing yet another review , about a week from my previous one .
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest .
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
i only have one question , when i add tracks to my nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles , or for those that like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ).
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
i love photography .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again it is only speculation .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
now i know better .
what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
a disipointed customer .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand .
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
it 's worth it .
the phone is very light weight .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
proven canon built quality and lens .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
lot 's of other features that i need to find out about .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
it 's a very intuitive program .
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go .. .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
i expect the g3 will please me for years to come .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue .
picture scrolling in b/w :
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
- large easy readable screen
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .
however , indoor pictures of subjects more than a few feet away can be blurry or grainy .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it .
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
grandma in church quiet .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad .
i can 't simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
i 'm not sure why people have problems with either the interface of the nomad , or the software that comes with the unit .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire .
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise .
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
the batteries would not charge .
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
i replaced it with this not-quite-so-dazzling , but definitely more functional device .
have had problems since the first day
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed my mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i do n't have the patience for those sorta things .
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
my sister has this series of phone and she loves the radio and headset .
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
this is nothing new , every mp3 player , memory card , etc. , used for digital media today has some kind of preloaded operating software on it .
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
an extra rechargeable en-el 1 battery is also handy , so you will seldom run into " out of battery " situation .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
i did n't had any problem till now .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! !
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution .
audio is excellent .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
i should have looked at it harder .
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp had n't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
i was prepared to love it .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
none of these features are available because of the ipod 's 1-way transfers - you cannot make changes on the ipod that are premanent .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conducive to save driving .
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial . its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ;
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
this is my first digital camera .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
friends of mine are always asking about it and wanting to use it .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it would n't cause problems and , in fact , it has n't .
negative points :
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .
in addition , you can create play lists where you can create the equivalent to a compilation cd right on your player .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00. but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .
also the ipod has games on it .
for an early christmas gift , i got a zen xtra 40 gb player .
it is made of plastic .
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
they have n't got all the bugs worked out just yet .
i think that it is a were good mobile phone and i may buy it .
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
this is by no means unique to this model , i 'm sure .
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
usb 2.0 - very fast
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
i thought it would be haggard but when i be gotted this junky i was mad happy and stuff .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc.
however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
no way to contact their customer service .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working .
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) .
those who have had the nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
very large pics take 8mb each !
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
the phones are awesome .
you get what you pay for .
charged my battery .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .
i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs .
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
this is a wonderful camera .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
awful , awful , awful .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
6 . the g2 's " color effect " exposure mode has now been removed , the replacement is a selectable " effect func " menu option available in all exposure modes .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
now getting back to this .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
it 's horrible .
i 've had the camera for about two weeks and shot hundreds of pictures so far .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ).
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
i have not yet figured out how to make it snap quick pictures for action shots .
the player itself has all sorts of problems .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
as said before this works perfectly .
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !
what task do they perform ?
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
the battery is nice .
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
- solid , high-quality construction
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. .
so what 's the problem ?
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
advertising pays off i guess .. .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
the battery life is amazing .
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we cannot help , " or something to that effect .
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .
almost there .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck .
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
absolutely breathtaking .
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera !
this is my second digital camera , though i also use one at work and have some experience with several nikon and canon models .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
video output stopped workin .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
controls are a bit awkward .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
though the instruction booklet says that the camera should display " lens " when the cap and the camera are both on , the camera lens extends out and simply takes the lens cap off by itself .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can 't use nomad until you get home .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
i do n't think so .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
can 't complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
so i do n't know what the previous review that could n't do more than 30 songs is talking about .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
and have returned both .
do n't buy this player .
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
it looks great - and is loaded with features .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
the good news is if you can 't get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
personally , i do n't understand all the complaints about the interface .. .
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc.
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
well that is not true .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
not an urgent issue , as it still works .. .
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) .. .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
first let me give you the bad things :
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
i have no buyers remorse with this baby , and i never will .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
* software is absolutely terrible :
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
it was impossible to do so before .
3 ) user replaceable battery
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
this is possible ! !
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox .. .
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
i currently have ~ 1100 songs encoded mostly at 196 kpbs and i have n't even used 10gb of storage yet .
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
very simple to use .
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
i am still trying to resolve it four months later .
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
i am quite happy with the camera .
before they are sold out !
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
only if we could get one camera in it . .
get better headphones .
1 ) price / gb of storage
24 hours ?
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
3 battery has to be removed to recharge .
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
the other controls are all very easy to use .
none of these are perfect .
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
it 's almost like having a media player / file manager built into the dvd player .
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
eg 60 $ for a plastic box to hold 4 aaa batteries to increase the use time past 6-8 hrs ( reviewers figures )
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
this is not a player you can take jogging .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
olympus c5050 is a very solid camera with a metal body .
was i just unlucky at that moment ?
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i don't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip .
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
buy the re-seller 's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
it did lock up on me a couple of times .
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
if you 're like me , that will definitely make you pause .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
i would recommend this product to anyone .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
fair warning - do not buy .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .
if it does , ill give up .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
i discovered this weekend that itunes does not sell mp3 's in the mp3 format .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
installed software .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
one broke , one got stolen , and then i bought the riovolt sp - 350 .
the moveable lcd screen is great .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
the downside -
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
- bright , visible screen
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
i would much more have preferred a keypad-type navigator like found on dvd remotes .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc.
i guess you get what you pay for .
a great new use for that underutilized computer .
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
great feature list , poor reliability .
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. .
i guess you get what you pay for .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
the powershot g3 is a great camera .
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
subsequent behavior even worse .
great quality picture and features .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
so , without further adoo .
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
now i need to buy myself another one !
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
you will be sorry if you do .
finally , i uninstalled and reinstalled the software , the usual measure of last resort for this sort of thing .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
one major complaint :
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
so it was no loss .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
what a mistake !
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
nokia 6610 ( sound quality ) the phone is great with very cool features &#38; options , but comparing to my older motorola phone , it gets a failing grade in speaker quality .
redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more !
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
the ipod 's white plastic look / surface does n't suit me .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
there was neither picture nor sound .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
we got a familyplan from t-mobile which saves us tons .
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
oh ... one more thing .
ease of use :
i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
as i travel quite a lot , i 'd want something with gsm as well as cdma tri-band .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .
so what 's the point ?
i purchased this player last week .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
for the money , get a better quality player .
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting .
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
just get some new headphones and your set .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying .
it has 2 games .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
the flash card memory is more expensive but is very light and compact .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
i first bought a 6 gig nomad jukebox ( original ).
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case .
for me , that was the only drawback .
the storage capacity is great for me --
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
do not buy this player .
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
worth every penny !
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
the bottom line :
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder .. .
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this .
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can 't be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags.
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . "
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
no picture :
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
sent mine back .
i have used this phone for two months now .
just make sure the keys are locked .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
takes excellent photos .
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
+ screen was good , easy to read
it 's a winner .
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
this is not a handbag camera .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
for those of you using a mac in os x+ there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
i would recommend doing the upgrade to be sure you have the best chance at trouble free operation .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
personally i like the samsung phones better because i found myself liking the flip phones so much more .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
if this is your fist dvd player .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
sure enough there is no such ability .
this thing plays everything i feed it .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
so i 'm screwed .
there was very little light in there .
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
made the camera totally inoperable .
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .
you have to buy better ones .
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type .
sound quality :
wo n't play a lot of discs .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
the pro ...
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; it just failed ) .
it was not my first choice .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
i bought the 30gb zen xtra from a well-known national electronics store as soon as i saw they were advertising it for $ 219.99 .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
you should too .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think it makes a difference ) .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
because , you will be dissapointed .
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
had it for a week .
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
the software failed repeatedly .
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
it defaulted to unchangeable email .
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ).
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
now we come to the zen xtra .. .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
if you are planning to buy that player , do not !
i highly recommend it .
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
cons summary :
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
by the way , it looks nice also .
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware that simply would n't perform .
i bought the 2600 because it plays everything !
they refunded my $ $ $ so fast and paid for the shipping back .
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
( but as any hard drive , all of them freeze at certain points )
highly recommended !
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
really quiet .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
it does n't do you any good if a camera has all the features but you can 't access them quickly when you need them !
i can 't imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
i would replace them with some better sounding and more comfortable phones .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash did n't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it has n't crashed since .
overall i like it .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact .
those that have it like it .
not many .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
the sony ericsson phone ( t610 ) has the most whistles and bells , but is also the hardest to use .
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
i like the automatic key lock function .
using the gprs option you can pay 19.99 extra a month and have unlimited internet access added to you account .
did i mention i 've already dropped it once ?
creative labs customer support website is useless .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
that 's probably a bad thing .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
come on, at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar .
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
yes the ipod is smaller , but not $ 200 worth , which is the premium you 'll pay for an equivalent capacity model .
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
i got 45 outdoor and 15 indoor shots with the monitor on turning the camera off and on over a 4 hour period before the battery died .
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
you do take your chances with this phone .
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
i bought this last week through amazon .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs.
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
the dvd player does not work properly .
so far i 've only had it since christmas , so i cant tell you much about the battery life .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
very easy to use .
thats it .
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
added 2-24 .
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .
when i bought it late last year , there were enough reviews that i knew the navigation wheel and software would be less than ideal , but it sounded like a fair tradeoff .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem .
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
thank you !
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
the software is great .
i tried to take a cd and simply rip it onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
i bought this product from amazon .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
i was told that it is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with it .
that would be a nice compromise between jpeg and raw .
you see , i can 't rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
the included memory card is too small .
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
that takes up half the space of mp3 's .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
i was cruising around the device within 20 minutes .
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .
construction quality is a difficult item .
it focuses in a snap .
features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names .
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
do n't waste your money .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only .
at $ 49 .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm comaptible phone .
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
excellent range of metering options as well .
however , it serves its purpose .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can 't store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
i bought coolpix 4300 two months after i had bought canon powershot s400 .
when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
when i turned eax back on the static was also not present .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
and how can i do that ... .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
but i did n't because i 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
not a big hassle as many would have you think .
overall it is the best camera on the market .
the motorolla phone have a horrible battery which lasts about a day ( although i heard that the motorolla t722i has a much longer battery life ) .
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
it works great .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
furher it contains a card reader , a flash card folder for up to 8 cards , a lense cleaning rag , and an ac adapter , which is very helpful when working in an " outlet environment " .
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
yes , i recommend it over the competition .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
* main dial is not backlit .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
ok so i donno about what other people said , how the player breaks and stuff , and the headfone jack , fortunately that did not happen to me .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
truly , i am quite impressed . . ! !
honestly , the best players without any flaws were the goddam cd players .
picture this :
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance .
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !
- included creative software is pretty poor .
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can 't be used .
this is my fourth mp3 player ( creative nomad jukebox2 and 3 , rio chie , and this one ) , and my third player from creative .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static .
i forgot , the case does n't fit .
does n't always register push-button movement .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
i highly recommend the accessory kit , which provides you with everything else you need :
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
worked for two weeks .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
you can also search for your song , which is good .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
this did not give me enough control .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5.6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments .
i can 't connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately .
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc .
i love it ! !
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
the canon g3 .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
i can 't fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can 't possibly be more than one !
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free .
1 ) buy an extended coverage if offered by the retailer as this device has moving parts and is essentially a portable hard-drive .
a 35mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
there is usb , though .
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
that beside you are prob. very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
it worked .
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
simple to use and hook up .
small size .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
but they offer only a 3-month warranty ( on all of their players , including the zen xtra ) .
yup , right back for a refund !
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
i will say this .
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
now it would have gotten 5 stars had this baby come with features to upgrade the firmware and was able to play divx or avi videos .
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
bought the apex ad-2600 from amazon in 12/03 mainly on price , $ 49.99 - $ 10 rebate = $ 39.99 .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
save yourself some aggrivation .
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback .. . i can 't recommend this product .
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
loved the slim design .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
night mode is clear as day .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
feels solid in hand .
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
this seemed like a really good compromise .
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor; not major ones though ,
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
i bought this player during a christmas sale at an excellent price .
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
mp3 players of this kind of memory are typically small and light and have between 64 mb - 1.5 gb of memory .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
overall , a good buy for the price .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
you 're talking totally different hardware .
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
i bought my nikon coolpix4300 about a week ago .
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
extremely convenient .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever .
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
when compared to the ipod the zen xtra falls short , but only by a bit .
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
well worth the money .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
but once in a while , i run up against it 's major flaw :
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod .
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
now let 's talk about the software .
personally i found the integrated digital camera of the t610 to be very nice .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
hope someone else has better luck !
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw. and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey ..... never mind .
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
hope i 've been of some help .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
amazon is awaesome !
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days .
no difference .
it suppose to play everything .
another stupid move .
when the player was working it was great ,but .
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
they stop time .
great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
i bought the nomad when i went home on leave and it worked great for about a month .
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods .
- best in class sound
print those coupons twice for two phones ?
there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
moving the viewfinder elsewhere on the camera will remove the lens distortion but increase the parallax phenomenon .
- light , compact design
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
overall , a very disappointing product .
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do .
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ).
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
i repeat - do n't wast your money .
take my words and give it a try .
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
i have always known nokia to provide me with good games on their phones .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
you can use the scene modes , or fine tune the options , i. you can change the iso level , shutter speed , etc.
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ).
overall , i highly recommend this phone .
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 .. .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
this is the best phone i have seen .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
my pda becames a digital album .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
a great buy .
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
it is small .
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .
small problem .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
and no t-zones .
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read .
everything else about the camera is great .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .
now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it !
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
minor gripe .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
disgusted with myself after i found the phone in the bottom of the washing machine , i was about to throw it away when one of my fellow soldiers asked if he could dry it out for me in an effort to revive the phone .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
oh well ..
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
some of the great gains over g2 --
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
that was annoying .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
creative provided e-mail support ;
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it 's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
i 've yet to be dissappointed .
then just forget about all the controls you have on the metz flash head itself and the sca 3102 control panel , because they are all ignored .
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i 'm even using a speakerphone .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
creative software stinks .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
i checked with nokia .
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .
originally i wanted the ipod .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
i agree with the positive reviews .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
it is crystal clear .
is my unit defective ?
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one .
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ).
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
the samsung phones has a customize function so that you can assign certain functions to directional buttons ( like assign alarm clock to the left directional key ) .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .
pros summary :
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen .
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective .
having to copy / delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
really happy with this little camera .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera .
more downside to this phone ?
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
( good going , amazon ).
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
good quality video .
final verdict :
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
so if you have xp , be prepared for this and do n't be alarmed .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
after receiving the box from amazon , i proceeded with charging the unit for the specified 4 hours , after which i installed the software and connected the unit to my pc via usb 2.0 .
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos .
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
apex does n't answer the phone .
the prints are beautiful !
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
this phone is a winner ...
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
i was a little disappointed in the low end .
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
was it a full moon that night ?
else with simpler viking cf cards , it takes couple of seconds to write a picture with approximately " fine **" picture quality " image size : 1600 .
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
carry your entire collection !
value : comparing data storage with price .
i applied a $ 25 amazon gift voucher i got for christmas so i only ended up paying $ 29 for this machine .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
zens rule .
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment !
however , if anyone has participated in violent or extreme sports while using their zen , please share your experiences .
i purchased one of these to replace an ailing dvd player that 's a few years old .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
player controls :
no instructions .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
now , for the t-mobile service :
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
poor visibility on the keys .
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
go for it !
i had downloaded about 1000 songs and had room for another 9000 !
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35mm film ) camera .
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
but who cares ?
the dvd player is fine .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
the pros :
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox .
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
so why lie about it ?
i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
reason for two ?
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
yes , the features are numerous .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
typically people use 96kbs to 320 kps.
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
for the money apex machines have good features .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
a big plus in my book .
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 .
30gb is more than enough for most people .
otherwise , this player is awesome !
i doubt anyone has ever seen an add or commercial for any other mp3 player .
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
i am returning the broken one today .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
first there 's the unit itself .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
aight den bumpy ?
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ).
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
if creative offered a 12-month warranty on their mp3 players , i 'd be covered .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
the camera has a wonderful set of features .
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
7 picture quality is excellent .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
so what ?
this is all i have to say .
how does it sound ?
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly .
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans.
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem .
software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
i 'm very glad i did .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
and also , it 's priced very affordably .
the warranty is 90 days .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer .
unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem cant easily be solved .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
the quality is superb .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
that 's all for now .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler .
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps.
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
great screen and great sound .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but could n't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for me .
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
now i can transport files to friends house with ease .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend .
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this .
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
a short range fm transmitter would be much nicer .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
* sigh .
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it !
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .
the interface used could be better designed .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
great design and looks cool .
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .
this would have been much easier .
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
for the price and features it is really good .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
you have to add them to the playing list .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
" enjoy " !
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
the volume .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery .
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
with our compact 35mm broken , and a vacation in europe at hand , i finally decided to enter the digital age .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
the t610 has the most functionality hands down .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
that said , they are pretty sturdy machines and i would n't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory .
the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it .
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
try to buy a tripod and that should solve some of those problems .
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc.
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
what is up .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
we are overall pleased with product .
but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
no matter the format .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
you can get a pretty good progressive scan sony or toshiba now for 68 bucks just about anywhere .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity .
i own a 35mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
and since i 'm out here i can 't mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
here 's something you have to know before you considering about buying this one .
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
but that 's a moot point now .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked .
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
so consider what you 're going to use the device for .
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can 't praise it highly enough .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one .
compusa , memorex , fuji .
i purchased it at a retail store , and got an extended warranty .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
guess all that glitters is not gold .
with the t-mobile unlimited t-zones for $ 10 , i can check any number of email addresses and use unlimited internet .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
able to use service in another country :
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
strike 1 .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
what a disappointment .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
again had to remove the battery .
it was just a problem with the player .
* price and capacity
but for what i do use it is perfect .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .
lastly , the price is fantastic :
just be aware of it .
the radio feature has superb sound quality .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
this explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players .
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
i got an rma from creative , sent my player in to them for repairs .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
- excellent sound quality
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
bait and switch .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28mm filter set .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
so you can plug your nomad directly into your stereo or use a car adapter , but you do n't get the quality from a true line out jack .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
i will never buy a creative product again .
i make photographs at work , and so wanted a camera good enough to compare with what i use professionally .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good .
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market .
well that was not a simple task .
this junky is super duper rad. it be my fav c-phone and stuff .
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
i cannot recommend it enough ! !
seriously ! i love it !
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
audio on video also lacking .
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because it works on all the other computers i have .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
- uploading music is quick and easy .
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
the i/p button switches the tv display between interlace and progressive .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
this is ridiculous .
wow .. .
now my dissapointments .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can 't hear the other person !
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
now i may buy two !
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
( batteries last longer too ! )
i find a great amount of value in this option for any and all the people that travel buy car and do not have access to the t-mobile " hot-spots " .
after that it seems like you 're on your own .
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
if your view in life is that you are going to pay $ x00 to get a device then it must be near ideal - ruggedly constructed , fault proof , good product support , easy to use software - then do yourself a favor and do n't buy yet .
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .
no go on most formats .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
great camera , great investment !
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ).
also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
i then played it through my ps2 and there was no problem there either .
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
not perfect ( yes , the viewfinder can get obstructed in instances.but the lcd works well enough in those instances ) , not the cheapest 4.0 mp , but the best 4.0 mp .
i love the storage in this thing .
apex sucks !
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .
structurally , everything is secure and it wo n't fall apart on you .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz. and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
i use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds .
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can 't , i 'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
sheesh ! !
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
so i do n't understand why it would not work with dvds that seem to have more features in them .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .
go get it .
works great !
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ).
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
well i decided to get this one .
i was able to improve things a bit by using the units equalizer and boosting the base .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
cheaper in every way .
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
my opinions :
you need the software to actually transfer files
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
i am very pleased so far .
crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
after reading the very positive review of this camera in a leading consumer magazine , i decided to head here , to amazon , to read through the online reviews .
- some features in the user interface
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
get one now !
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
had no problem with it .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
that way i could keep it in the case all the time .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
i cancelled the order .
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
still no response .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes .
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
no more annoying series of beeps .
- price : see above .
3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files .
started ripping and transferring .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music .
the software sucks .
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years !
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
the first one would n't work from the start .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ).
now , i suddenly have no picture .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
fiance did n't like the feel .
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
you can read the other reviews for specs and performance opinions .
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
the radio :
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he could n't .
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
before anyone says hey you have n't used the product , i have , my friend received one for christmas instead of an ipod and has since envied me for my vastly superior product .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
is eax faulty ?
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
i didnt wait to experiment .
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
sold in other parts of the world :
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
you can get weather , movies , horoscopes and more with a few clicks .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily .
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc.
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
creative also sells batteries via its website , so there 's no shipping off my player and waiting for it to be sent back to me with the new battery .
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way .
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers .
i took the camera and just gave it to someone .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
" check out " !
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
