I 'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
I wish they had one near my office - I would go everyday .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
I read about this place in Time Out magazine .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff .
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
Definately check it out !!!
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
I would go back .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
When you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
This place is great .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
I would definently recommend this restaurant .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
Highly recommend it !
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
I ca n't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
we love th pink pony .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service I need ...
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
A guaranteeed delight !
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
All in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
It does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
This was on a Tuesday night .
Great Indian Food !
Great place , great value .
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
great hot dogs . .
but their mac cheese was YUMMY !
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
They are by far the BEST past in New York .
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
great eats , good times .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
His response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
Unbelievable .
delicious .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
You 'll adore it .
This place was not ALL THAT !
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
Check this place out !
MMmmm ... it was delicious .
I care more about the food and ambience .
Get it together .
In fact there is only one I 've tried that even compares ( shabu Tatsu ) and even then I prefer Dokebi .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Everyone is welcomed in as family .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
I pray it stays open forever .
Service was also very good .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
If you like Sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try Yokocho .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
Well worth the trip , close to City Hall and downtown subway stops .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
Way below average
I was pleasantly suprised .
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL ( OR BAD SERVICE ) @ PIGALLE .
Not worth the prices .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
The food at this place is ' gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
Before the place did n't call my attention .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
Curioni 's Pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
This place is not worth the prices .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
The Thai food is good .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
Check out the secret back room .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
but the service was a bit slow .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
bad staff
It 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
Get the tuna of gari .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
Go for the Seafood Paella for two .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
Anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
The food was very well prepared .
Unbelievable .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
They have an excellent selection ( the rolls with crab are really great ) .
Not what I wanted to hear .
The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
It 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
Too bad , has a lot of potential .
Definitely not a restaurant to skip !
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
Food is excellent .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
Also very inexpensive .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
It 's just O.K. pizza .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
I pray it stays open forever .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
Loved It
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
Less = More in their case .
And $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
It was wonderful .
We called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
After so many great reviews here , my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
Enjoy !!!
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
The dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
go here for the drinks !
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
This time , I prefer not to go into detail .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
No , really .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
When we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
I 'll be back for sure .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
I was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
Need I say more ?
( La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico ) .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street , of course .
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
But the service is HORRID !
during happy hour !
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
Will absolutely visit again .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
Dessert was also to die for !
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
Never again !
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
You ca n't go wrong here .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Try the homemade breads .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
My six year old loved it .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
The food was good too .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
She replied " well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . "
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
And cheap !
I 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
The sake ’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
Good food .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
Jimmy is Dominican !
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
Overall , this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been .
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
This place is average ... at best .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
We will definitely go back .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Oh right , I should probably say something nice .
( that is A MUST , but not every restaurant can do ... )
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
I went with JWILS .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
I was glad I did .
None of that yucky whipped stuff .
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
wow ! how have i missed this one , tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew .
We went there , no one greeted us .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place .
What more can you ask for ?
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
You can not go wrong with this place .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
But that is highly forgivable .
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
Check out the secret back room .
Service is top notch .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
I recommend this place to everyone .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
The sushi is also great !
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
Much more reasonably priced too !
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Bring your date and a bottle of wine !
I look forward to eating here again
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
I do n't think I would go again .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
The staff is no nonsense .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
Good for dates or with friends .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
-- Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
OK , I 've been to Dumont a few times now .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
It was wonderful .
Prices are in line .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
even the wine by the glass was good .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
There is " Expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " Expensive-and-WTF " ?
wont come back again for sure !
Obviously run by folks who know a pie .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
Good luck getting a table .
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
Overall , not worth the money .
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
For the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants .
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
in conclusion , THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
I 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
The service is a quite slow , but friendly .
The staff is courteous and friendly .
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
I know because I live nearby .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
All in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
Go inside and you wo n't want to leave .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
They are FAST .
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
Moving on .
It 's all about the food !!
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
Went inside and I started to get excited .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
and never strayed .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
Buon appetito !
It was a very nice surprise .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
The hostess said " Wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which I replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
A wonderful place !
Love their drink menu .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
Would NEVER go back there .
They are located in the middle of Chinatown !
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
Terrible Waste of money . . scammers
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
LOL
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
Perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
SUM IT : local investment bankers like it , try for yourself at least once .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
Great neighborhood joint .
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square , which is a shame since I do n't love this area .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
This is the first time Citysearch did ' t call it right .
They have some great entrees here as well .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
I would highly recommend .
What you are paying for is the environment and the name .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
If you do n't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
An excellent service
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
What a great place !
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
The prices are not terrible .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .
I generally like this place .
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
Ruth , mother of the Bride
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
A pleasant surprise .
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
Service - friendly and attentive .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
This place is a great bargain .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
I would highly recommend .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
fine dining restaurant quality .
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
Never fails to please .
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
Having moved I truly miss this place .
always fresh and delicious .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
This place is always packed .
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
The pickles were great addition .
I will definetly be going back .
There was no ambiance .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
The food is delicious .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
The whole experience was satisfying .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
Even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
The sushi was awful !
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
A one women show !
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
What more could you want ?
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni . (
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
There 's candlelight and music .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
I highly recommend it .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
I 'm telling you ...
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
The staff is unbelievably friendly , and I dream about their Saag gosht ... so good .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
The fried rice is amazing here .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
perfect for a quick meal .
I look forward to eating here again
The selection of food is excellent ( I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
Chef Waldy 's always measures up .
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
What a great place .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
it was really good pizza .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
Probably would not go again ...
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
I 've been to Joya twice and I will never go again .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
Nothing special about this place .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
The food was authentic .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , " can I help you " and " how many are in your party . "
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks ...
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
fine dining restaurant quality .
Even with John 's and Joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
For asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
Go here .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
We got most of it back at home with us .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than Roth 's we are always disappointed .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Loved it !
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
I 've been to Sotto Voce several time , and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
Actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
There are no negatives to speak of .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
The wait staff was very attentive and polite .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
it 's good but , like the movie is never as good as the book , this is same analogy .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
I 'll be back soon .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
The service is pretty good .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
You can do it here .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
Do n't go .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs , so be aware .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
. the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters .
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
For $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible !
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
I love this cozy around the way Rest .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
Very good service and very good prices .
Patsy 's Pizza = true love
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
I love this place more and more everytime i go .
Get the tuna of gari .
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
Good , fast service .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Food is great and inexpensive .
If you go here , do it on his off-night .
It 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
It 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
The level of rudeness was preposterous .
The wine the service was very good too .
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
Good drink .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
Decor is charming .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
It is thick and slightly soggy .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
Definitely not worth the price !
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
I know because I live nearby .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
All I can say is they are fantastic .
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
Each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
You should pass on the calamari .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
This place is great .
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at ' Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
Delivery is fast too .
Now at the top of our list , Del Frisco 's Steakhouse .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
The service was outstanding .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
This place has the best sushi in the city .
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
esp . during happy hour !
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
I love the place .
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
But too far east !
Sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
now if they could only get a toaster .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
My friends and I go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
Vanison was good but not amazing .
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN , THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE .
And really large portions .
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
My girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
The pizza was great .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
Authentic bistro !
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
Try the sea bass .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
Try the cheesecake !
very good breads as well .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
Once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n't stop !
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
good food good wine that 's it .
We were then shooed inside .
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
I ca n't wait to go back .
The service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
You can do it here .
It 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown Brooklyn ) .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , Flatbush Farm is n't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
The staff offers impeccable service .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
We got most of it back at home with us .
Maitre-D - " Eat and get out "
We were not disappointed .
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
This is where the aforementioned line was .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
Loved it
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
The appetizers are also delicious !
However , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
The place was quiet and delightful .
Give it a try and enjoy .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
I 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and I always enjoy myself .
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Check it out .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent.I
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
Reasonable prices .
Great food , great prices , great service .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
I was speechless by the horrible food .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
I will not be coming here at 3am again .
I love this place !
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
Finally !
I will have to say , this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
I will be going back very soon .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at Bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation ( if possible )
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
Service is great , takeout is good too .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , I do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
Again , no apology , no is there anything else I can get you , no can I get you a drink to make up for it , nothing !!!!
This place is so much fun .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
The location is perfect .
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
The family seafood entree was very good .
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
Is just the way it was in days gone by .
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
Big and gawky on the outside .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
Dumbfoundingly Poor
I was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
This place was the worst .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
So sorry I ca n't rate this better .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
The floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
I have been twice to this restaurant .
I 've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
Impressed ...
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
I 'd call it an ' italian dinner ' .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
But on a lazy Saturday night , we ended up going .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
Delicious crab cakes too .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
What 's the difference between the two ?
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
One of my Fav spots in the city .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
That 's why you have to pay more for that .
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
The veal was incredible last night .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
Great vibe , lots of people .
I plan on eating here more often .
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
We were n't !
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
great experience overall .
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Its located in greenewich village .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
their dinner specials are fantastic .
moral stay away .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
Food is excellent .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
the homemade Guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed .
Dishes denoted as " Roy 's Classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
Atmosphere is a bore .
But the meals were terrible .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
I have never had cheescake like this .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
The flavors robust and subtle .
I was highly disappointed by their service and food .
Our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
The food was actually aweful .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli .
I HATE HATE HATE this place .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Still we keep going back : )
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
Good Experience
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Ok , for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC , we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants , most of which stay open very late .
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin ' Greens salads , Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix .
I do n't get it either .
Moderate prices .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
This was a great surprise .
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
Ciao Bella
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
Amma is nothing special .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
All pretty good .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
Also very inexpensive .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA , but few out here .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
enough said !
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
We were charged full price .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe 's to eat here .
I loved it and will be back soon .
If you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
But trust me it is so worth it .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
The food was so-so .
Pizza here is consistently good .
We were less than impressed .
Besides , we were on vacation !
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
It hits the spot every time
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it !
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
Guess what , I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , I wish you would have said something earlier " No apology , nothing .
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
So close , but not good enough .
This is a true gem of the village .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
The food arrived in about 15 minutes .
In about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
and there 's no way out .
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
This place has the best pizza .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
Their coffee is quite good too !
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
highly recommended .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
The service is ok but could be better .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
The service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
Wonderful at holiday time .
The food however , is what one might expect .
The food here was mediocre at best .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
Great , original taste .
Ciao Bella
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
I was wrong .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
Decent wine selection too .
And affordable .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
Fantastic !
since the first time I came here I 've been hooked .
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
The main entree was also very good .
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
it helps if you know what to order .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
That place was awesome , , , sally !
Bring your appetites .
The food now is inconsistent .
Do n't waste your time , or money !!
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
I 'd definitely go back again .
Everyone must come here at least once .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
I would highly recommend it .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
We had a good time .
The steak melted in my mouth .
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
Okay , so I never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it 's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown .
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
Great food , great prices , great service .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES .
Keep up the good work guys !
Ruby Foo 's is a tourist trap .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
I 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
What more could you want ?
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
We 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
Service was quick .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
The stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
I lived on 50th st , and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
Great Indian food
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?
Give it a try and enjoy .
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
By the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
Place is open till late , no dress code .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
Great service , great food .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
Horrible .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
The buffet had a nice selection .
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Wow .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
You 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe 's .
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
Everything we had was good or ok .... but definitely nothing great .
PERFECT FOR DATES !
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
If you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
So , I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
Definately check it out !!!
Overpriced and not tasty
this place is amazingly bad .
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
Do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
Very cozy and warm inside .....
I agree .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
would NOT go back .
I started going to dosa hut more after that .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
Unhygienic
Not because you are " The Four Seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
Kudos Haru
Not cheap , but not that expensive either .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
Worth a visit .
To top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair .
At 6:30 , we were the third party there .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
I live nearby and when they first opened , I ate there a lot .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
The chicken dinner was real good .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
Overall , worht every penny .
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
The price very reasonable .
Both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
keep up the good work .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
I 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy 's Bronx Cafe .
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that 's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch .
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
If you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
A big disappointment , all around .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
All in all , I do n't see how you can go wrong .
over .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC !
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
The burger was great , also .
I just read Mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
The best !
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
Such a disappointment ...
And you 're hungry a few hours later .
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
Gigino 's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
Good drink .
The service was attentive .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
When we arrived at 6:00 PM , the restaurant was practically empty .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
Drinks way over priced .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
Ca n't wait to go back .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
Leave the kids at home !
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
Love it .
All I can say is WOW !
I recomend the chicken milanese .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
Cute and decorative .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
Service was very good and warm .
Stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
Really , I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
went there last night with my coworker .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
We will be back .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
I went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
The fried rice is really good too .
It is simply amazing .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
I ca n't stand this dungeon .
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Not impressed with the food .
Not impressed with the food .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
They also do a great job for restaurant week .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
I would go back tho .
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , I do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
We ordered our appetizers , I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
It was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
Went there for an office lunch .
Really cool stauff inside .
but the service was a bit slow .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
The counter service is bad .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
You will be very happy with the experience .
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
This place was reccomended to me by a friend .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
After the review I treked into Brooklyn .
Bison was quite excellent however .
Want to impress ?
The food was great .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
That said , I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I 've EVER had .
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 " with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES ) .
Great food , great decor , great service .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
One of the BEST
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
Also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
Again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings .
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
I absolutely Loved this place .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
enough said !
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
black white shakes came out good also .
Sure , the setting is nice .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
You can not go wrong with this place .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
From the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
It is thick and slightly soggy .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
Fine , I wont hang you for that .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
Great wine , great food .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
Murray wo n't do it .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
If that 's a problem , go to McDonald 's and destroy your insides .
Nice find .
Bill a little high , but worth it .
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
They 're terrific !!
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
Decor is charming .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
We will come back !!!
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking ) .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
Not cheap but very yummy .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
Quite simply it 's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
It could have been handled better .
The food was exceptional .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
The bread is top notch as well .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
If you want to save some money , do n't go here .
Favorite Sushi in NYC
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
I 've been here twice now .
Trust me .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
I absolutely love this place !!!
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
The space is traditional in feel .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
have always had a great time here .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you NAME it .
But if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for Indian food
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
Prices are very good .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
I will be going back very soon .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
Got a date ? Go here !
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
The guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
from an English speaking staff .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
Great find in the West Village !
She then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
I went there after hearing how great it was .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
Amma is nothing special .
the turkey burgers are scary !
Wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the FOOD keeps me coming back !
It was wonderful .
The food is excellent !
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
Great food , great decor , great service .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
Without the wait or attitude , I would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
But now that it 's under new ownership and has been renovated , it looks great .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
You guys are awesome !
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
Too many other good places to have to settle .
Cute and decorative .
I am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
The design is very intimate and romantic .
A classic !
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
menu - uneventful , small .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the " salt encrusted shrimp " appetizer .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
The only downside ... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time .
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone 's living room .
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant , I decided to give it a try with two friends .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
It ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
Don Pedro 's is one of my favorite restaurants .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
We visit at least once a month .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
get over it !
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
I went there 2times .
Never again !
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
Feels like family when we go there .
It was divine melts in your mouth .
Beautiful experience .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
I for one will never patronize them again .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
SO GOOD
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
Its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
Horrible experience - stay away !
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
Believe me , they live up to the name .
For being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Some baby pizzas get their wish .
I 've been several times and am totally smitten .
All the food was hot tasty .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
The staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for Brooklyn .
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
Great service , great food .
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines .
I was wrong .
Very pleased
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth 's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
skip dessert .
It 's like you are transported to the Italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
My wife and I went to Water 's Edge for a romantic dinner .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
This place has been around for a few years .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
Nice place though .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
My friends and I showed up on a Sat .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
I 've always been seated propmtly .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
They charge different prices all the time .
No , really .
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
so delicious !!!!!!
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
Everyone I bring here always loves it .
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
Paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
The food is very good and the service is great .
Good food at the right price , what more can you ask for .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
What generous portions !
Bravissimo !!
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
I really did n't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
Wonderful at holiday time .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat .
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
but overall i give it a 10
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
I am a die hard peep lover .
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
However , once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
Quick and friendly service .
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
The wine list is excellent .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
The caeser salad was great .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
How do you rate home ?
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice .
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned .
A big disappointment , all around .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
The place was nice and calm .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
The food is good .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
Every course was better than the next .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
Best things to order are from the grill ( Churrasco and Ribs ) .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
But too far east !
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
Food is great and inexpensive .
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
It was well worth the wait .
I go twice a month !
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
Highly recommended to all !
Good cake BUT : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it .
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !
There are other people waiting !
Best Chinese on the Upper East , prompt delivery , good value .
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
I definitely will go back .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
Would NEVER go back there .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
Food-awesome .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
Not pretentious and very economical .
The food was excellent as well as service , however , I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Will absolutely visit again .
After that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
Fantastic place .
We had a good time .
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day ' give it a try . '
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
The high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
Staff is very accomodating .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
Will not be back .
I love it .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
It 's all about the food !!
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$ $ this is the place to be !!
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
You will find everything about Trio to your liking !
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
Also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT .
But , they were too big for the bun .
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
Service was prompt and courteous .
The food was bland oily .
I have been going back again and again .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
Food is great .
This was a great surprise .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
I brought some buddies from CA and they loved it .
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
the food is always fresh ...
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Prices are very good .
It was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-I 've had better for less elsewhere !
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
The design of the space is good .
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say " I 've been to the four seasons restaurant " .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people .
Sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know Sal , is to know New York .
We will definitely go back .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
Great sake !
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Avoid this place !
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
Bay Terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
That place was awesome , , , sally !
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
The food was absolutely horrible !
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Overall , the best bagel in town .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
go here for the drinks !
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
We were then shooed inside .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
I have never had anything like it !
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
Highly Highly Highly recommended !
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
Between my guest and I , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
skip dessert .
I 've had better chicken at BBQs !!!!
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
I 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( I live on UWS ) .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
Pizza here is consistently good .
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
Keep up the good work guys !
Probably would not go back here .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
It 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
Everything was going good until we got our meals .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
Great sushi experience .
The place just is n't ready for prime time .
Nice view of river and NYC .
Great people watching as others do the same to you .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
Delish and made to your liking !
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
Pricey , but worth a try , at least once .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
Not worth it .
I grew up on these bagels .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
I love it .
This was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
They never came back to refill our glasses again .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( I happen to live in Inwood ) .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
This is also where I was from .
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
The sangria 's - watered down .
Do n't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo .
Have the iced tea .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
If you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
The food was good .
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
Bravo , Blue Hill !
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
Hurley 's is terrific !
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn .
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
For someone who used to hate Indian food , Baluchi 's has changed my mid .
Alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
Bleecker St Pizza is the best !
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
The food is great and authentic .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring ) .
The bagels are fabulous .
That 's good and bad .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices ...
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
This place is a great bargain .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it 's not a cheap night out ... but it 's SO worth it .
I love it .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
Great food .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
I live on the street this place is on .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
People are always friendly .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
Everything is very cheap .
Big thumbs up !
On the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
Fish is so very fresh .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
BUT not in a good way .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The place is a lot of fun .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
Delivery service is great too .
Not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
Unfortunately , we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
A real dissapointment .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
I will never visit this restaurant again .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Other apetizers and food
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
I recommend it !
We loved it and will go back !
Try it !
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
When the main course finally arrived ( another 45mins ) half of our order was missing .
Ca n't wait to go back .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
It is also extremely well priced .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
Never fails to please .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
but I would n't wan na live there .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE .
Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap !
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
I never had anything I did n't like here .
Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
Acceptable prices .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
The atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
There are other people waiting !
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
A must try !
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in LA . .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
I will be returning .
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
Great restaurant , and even greater food !
You are treated just like royality .
Do n't go there !
Skip Nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to Bark .
It 's to die for !
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
Do n't waste money on decor .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
Amazing food .
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
Great Atmosphere
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
The food 's as good as ever .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !
Very good wine choices .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
Nick Stef 's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area , so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald 's Square check it out !
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she " had a BBQ to go to " that night - WTF ??
please do n't fool us .
I got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
I ordered from here last week .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
Just do n't do it .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
A con was the slow bar service .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
Mazing interior .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
Tends to turn people away .
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
It is also extremely well priced .
The soup is pretty good too .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
We were pleasantly surprised .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
you guys rock .
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
We all felt it was worth it .
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A.
If you ' re in New York , you do not want to miss this place .
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
Being a vegan myself , I 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan -- and Zen Palate is easily my favorite .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
But that is highly forgivable .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
" The menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended .
the service is prompt friendly .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
This is the Cheers of New York , whether you 've ever been there or not .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
Taxan delicious !
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside , she recommended that we go to this restaurant .
The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
its alright
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
It 's to die for !
This place is not worth the prices .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
10
Dug the blue bar area too .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
The menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
... and that 's saying a lot .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .
However , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
Reliable , Fresh Sushi
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
Starters : Kobe Beef Sashimi .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
What an amazing meal and experience !
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
And I hate to say this but I doubt I 'll ever go back .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
A hearty two thumbs up !
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
I grew up on these bagels .
No thanks !!!
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
Be aware .
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
Go girls !!!
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
You must try the garlic soup !
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
The pizza is good though .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
Stay far away from this place .
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
Romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
Perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .
I would definitely come back to this restaurant .
The food now is inconsistent .
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
No apologies during restaurant week .
It 's the kind of place I like to support !
Our teenage kids love it , too .
We left after one drink .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
The atmosphere was great .
Very , very nice
Would not recommend anyone to go .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
It was pretty inexpensive too .
This is the first place I 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
Its worth the wait though .
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
Unbelievable .
Great Shabu Shabu
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
highly recommended .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
Went last Thursday .
Why ?
i would just ask for no oil next time .
It 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
Restaurant with a view
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE !
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
Look , the appetizers were really good .
This is the best thing in Soho .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
Food-awesome .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
Fantastic !
It is expensive but well worth the money .
Go for it !
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
Bukhara Grill , the tagline says it all . . " INDIAN SPICE RAVE "
The decor is what initially got me in the door .
I will go back to Suan soon !
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
What a ripoff !
Apparently , the good cook works then .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
I liked the beer selection !
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day .
The sushi was awful !
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
The cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10 + , are delectable .
I love this place .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
Tasty Dog !
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
Salads were fantastic .
If you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what Rao 's is all about .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
It 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
great food
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise .
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
The place was nice and calm .
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
supercilious scorn is in .
The pizza was really good .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
The food tasted very good .
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
I wish I could like this place more , and I wish someone would retrain the staff .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
I can not recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself .
You will not be disapointed at all .
Oh and it 's too tiny for families with strollers .
I was so stunned , and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
Hats off to the chef .
Molto bene !
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
I love going there !
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
You 'll see a lot of people eating there after church .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
The menu has so many fish items and oysters .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris .
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
The service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
It 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... Hanx
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
This place is always packed .
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Great Hot Dogs !
This place is Italian , not French .
Are you freaking kidding me ?
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
This place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC ( and I 'm indian , so I should know ) .
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
Will not be back .
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
Delicious crab cakes too .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
Did I mention the wine ?
I think the meatball parm is good .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
Ahhh ...
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
it is not consistent .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
This place has great indian chinese food .
I had a great experience .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
We left , never to return .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
DO N'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
A beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
The service is awful .
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
The food was authentic .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
I 'll keep this short .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
If it is n't for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
I hate this .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
I will definetly be going back .
Eat at your own risk .
Enjoy !
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
Faan is sooo good .
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best I 've eaten so far .
love the food .
I 've never been disappointed .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
We were less than impressed .
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
really depends on your luck !
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
Probably would not go again ...
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
Great staff .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
I 'm a friendly person , so I would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Great sushi experience .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
What a pleasant surprise !
Off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
The food 's as good as ever .
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
I have never in my life sent back food before , but I simply had to , and the waiter argued with me over this .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
Service is top notch .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
Being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz 's Deli .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
Sexy .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
I only have friends .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
What for ?
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
Not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
It was good , but none of the flavors WOW .
Ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
I loved it and would go again .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
I would not recommend MEET at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
Appetizers took nearly an hour .
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
So , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
AMAZING MY FAVORITE !!!
This place does n't make any sense
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
Service not the friendliest to our " large party " !
When she complained , the waitress said , Sorry .
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month .
Delicious , creative and fun .
I often go there to eat with my family .
wont come back again for sure !
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
We 'd go back again
Just go and see for yourself .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
Everything on the menu is great .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
For a Fabulous Wedding !
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
Polite acknowledgement is out ;
However , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
And all of that wo n't break your bank !
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
Okay service .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
$ 500 included :
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
Yes , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper .
So we sat at the bar , the bartender did n't seem like he wanted to be there .
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
Service is usually pretty good .
I was on jury duty , rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
The food is amazing !!!!
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
Every time I visit NYC , I come here .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
It was wonderful .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
Remind me of home .
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
Maybe it 's that most of Dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but I can not recommend Dumont .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
not only is the food
Do n’t go to this place !
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it !
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
And really large portions .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
It is simply amazing .
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
Very different than regular dimsum places .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
Always great service !
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
This restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
We were very disappointed .
The waiter was attentive .
The staff is no nonsense .
The prices are wonderfully low .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
Over priced , overrated .... stay away !
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Was there Friday night .
A must try !
Do n't waste money on decor .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
Save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
But , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
Just not good at all .
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
I really liked this place .
Also , the chick peas with shrimp ( appetizer ) is divine .
love the food .
even the wine by the glass was good .
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
This establishment is the real deal .
Too cold to enjoy .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
I would not recommend this place to anyone .
I ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
Go hungry and enjoy .
We were pleasantly greeted .
Pizza was a little soggy .
The food was boring and expensive .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe 's may not be your favorite .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . )
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
great neighbhorhood spot .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
The fried calamari was even better !
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup .
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
I 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
I am Indian , and I have tried many Indian places in NY .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
How have I never been to Agave before ?
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
The atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
It is terrific , as is the value .
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
And I could do without the cigar smoke .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
Also they were $ 15 each !
The food was bland oily .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
The $ 72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
Since I cook for a living , I 'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
Great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
I absolutely suggest this place .
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .
Good , fast service .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
This place is incredibly tiny .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
If you do n't like it , I do n't know what to tell you .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
I think locals rate this place so high .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
We had the most wonderful waitress .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
Ahhh ...
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
despite the untasteful previous review ...
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
Never got an explanation as to what was going on .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
Nice value .
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
The comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
Not worth it .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
I loved it and would go again .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
Prices are in line .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
While I 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I 'm in NYC .
Fantastic place .
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
Make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
I 've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I 've never been disappointed .
I do n't get it either .
I definitely would n't go back .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
You have to increase the service a lot .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
Everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
As BFC does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
Ca n't wait to go back .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
What ?
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
Great find !!!
really depends on your luck !
The place is a lot of fun .
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
This is n't a value joint .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
If you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
My family ate here last weekend .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
At this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress WALKED away .
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel .
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies .
I really liked this place .
please do n't fool us .
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
It 's true , this place is not cheap .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
There are many french bistros in the midtown area , and I wholheartedly recommend this one .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
An excellent service
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
I went for restaurant week .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
When you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ... especially considering the prices .
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
I 've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never , ever dissapointed me .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
And everytime I go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
Best meal in a long time !
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME !!!!
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Service was wonderful ;
Everytime I go there I ca n't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat .
One less manhattanite the better .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
The sushi is amazing !!!
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
In any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink .... . this place is not worth it ...
The sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
Just wish they 'd expand .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
Stay away if you 're claustrophobic
we love th pink pony .
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
Nevertheless , I finished my plate , and that 's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
I LOVE their Thai
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
So rude .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
Excellent experience .
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
Although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
In fact , you ca n't miss it .
We been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
How can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
Lives up to the hype
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
Terrible experience .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
Do not go to this restaurant .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there .
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian .
Perhaps .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
And all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
Good creative rolls !
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
Run do n't walk .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
JUST AWSOME .
Highly recommended .
The main draw of this place is the price .
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
You 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
Staff is very accomodating .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
Sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
GO HERE .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly , helpful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .
It 's a great find in Astoria .
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
Have to tell you : Not at all impressed .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
I 've never been treated so rudely .
Very " normal Indian food " , but done really well .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
We live nearby BFC .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
I loved this place !!
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Save room for the desserts ! ; - )
it helps if you know what to order .
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
The food however , is what one might expect .
Tasty but expensive .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
The food was very good , but not very thai .
I could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
It just was n't Thai .
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
I heartily recommend .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
And as SOON as one person is done , she asked to pick up the plate immediately .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
Planet Thai is great !
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
I was there on sat .
What a hassle !
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
This place is a great stop for great food .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
I was a little leary about Mary 's at first - it 's small , crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I 'm glad I finally tried it .
I do n't think I would go again .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
And the food is fantastic .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Love YUKA .
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
Chance is a joke .
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here , Peasant has been our favorite !
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
I 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( I have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
but the food was delicious .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
The food options rule .
I love this place
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
The restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
This is probably one of my new favorite places .
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken .
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
The fish was really , really fresh .
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
I 've been here twice now .
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
I had the best ravioli ever .
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
Service was prompt and courteous .
For an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
We go often .
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
I go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
Weekends can get crowded , but still highly recommended .
A nice find in the neighborhood .
We did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening .
No plans to return anytime soon .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
Go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
This place does n't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does , but it should .
The food was exceptional .
The service was attentive .
It 's convenient .
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
The prices were fantastic .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
Was there Friday night .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
it was a very warm experience .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
my favorite place lol
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
Avoid this place !
They treat me like family , morning and night .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
I loved this place !!
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
The food was spicy and delicious .
i dont how this place is still running .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
it 's delicious !
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
The specials are usually quite good too .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
I am French and I really felt like home !!!
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Service was very friendly .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
It 's true , you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
The food was good too .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
You wo n't be dissapointed .
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
I wish I COULD be refunded !
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
keep up the good work .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
I have been going back again and again .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
The food was actually aweful .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
I was n't here for the pizza so I ca n't comment on that yet but what I had was very good .
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope ( and NY in general )
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
It 's no-fuss , fast and delicious .
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
Go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
I would highly recommend this place !
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Recommendations , of course , are required !
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The pizza here is delicious .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
It is LOUD , HOT and DARK .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
I have been to Mary 's many times and I like it .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more !
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience !
Unique apppetizers .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
The service is excellent and always informative without an air .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
Bobb V 's is a great place to take your Friends and Family !
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
Finally , after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
Would not return for the amount we paid .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
The pastas were pretty good .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
You will not be missing anything .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
We 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
We go often for lunch and the place is packed .
I was at Rao 's last Wed .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
I do not recommend .
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
but still my date was bad
So eat fast and order a lot .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
The bagel was huge .
Highly recommended !
I highly recommend it .
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch !!!!!
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
It just was n't Thai .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .
Hats off to the chef .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
The service was quick and friendly .
for Meetball Night .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
Service was on par but not wonderful .
This place ... god where do i begin .
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy 's restaurants to friends , I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST .
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
It hits the spot every time
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
I have n't been to the other locations .
Not terrible , but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
Just stick with the small dishes !
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv .
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
What a great place .
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
Service was quick .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Kind , attentive wait staff .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
Interior was so so .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
Old school meets New world .
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
Either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
I went here in the afternoon with a friend .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
It 's popular w/the late crowd .
After reading the great reviews , I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
I highly recommend this restaurant !!
by dinner time , they turn it around and mount a huge comeback !!
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
Satisfying .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
A defitely must visit .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
Just an odd group .
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
Thank You Emilio .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
The food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
Although small , it has beautiful ambience , excellent food ( the catfish is delicious - if ya do n't mind it a lil salty ) and attentive service .
Always great service !
Super YUMMY Pizza !
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
We all ordered different entrees so we could share .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
If just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
The food was great and the service was even better .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( I hope Mom does n't read this ! ) .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
My party had the BBE $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
Expensive
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
All in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
I do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
I definitely would n't go back .
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
The waitress was not attentive at all .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
Go here .
The location is perfect .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty . hmmm .
Great pizza for lunch place .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
Also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
Best . Sushi . Ever .
Taxan delicious !
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday , we sat in the tent .
Stay away
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
People in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
I 'm going back .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
I have to say the place was awesome .
Try green curry with vegetables .
I ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone .
We all felt it was worth it .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
I absolutely love this place !!!
Our food was great too !
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
The wine the service was very good too .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
Come on .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
I ca n't wait for the nex time .
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
We had Lava Cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
THe perfect spot .
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
The fries are yummy .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
Great deal !
A million better places to go in the city .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
The wine list is excellent .
they live up to the thai way of living .
you should travel from the Bronx to try it ...
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
I 'll keep this short .
The price very reasonable .
It ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
Great food !
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
He always says , I do n't have customers .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
What a great place !
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
They are amazing !
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
We will be back .
Great pizza for lunch place .
We arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
Their sake martini is wonderful .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
Do n't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
I do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I ’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
Overall a worthwhile experience .
Katz 's deli is a great NY experience .
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
I 'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
Our food was great too !
Best In ALL of NYC
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
I 'm going back .
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
I 'd definitely recommend this little place .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
It was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
Killer Sushi !
And amazingly cheap .
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
Murray wo n't do it .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
good variety but nothing surprising .
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
If you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
Molto bene !
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
This is a real gem of a place .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
How is this palce still open ?
I 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
We 'd go back again
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
Drinks : 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $ 35 each .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
And it was quick which is very important .
It 's a steal !
The meat dishes were only so-so .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Food was average but tasty .
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
Everything about this place was wonderful .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where I am not swept off my feet .
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
Get there before 7pm .
Zero ambiance to boot .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka !
Awesome
Went for Mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
We left , never to return .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
Another great place to take out-of-towners !
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
Yum , the chicken is great here .
Good Food
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
Big thumbs up !
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
It is so romantic .
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka .
This place survives on reputation alone .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .
Anyway , the owner was fake .
Service is fast and friendly .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
Love Pizza 33 . .
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Suan has challenged this loyalty .
